Are children welcomed at this location?
Yes, you can stay with children at A and B Guest House.
Can I bring my pet to A and B Guest House?
No, pets are not allowed at this property.
Do you have onsite parking for your guests?
There is onsite parking at A and B Guest House but it costs extra.
What time is check-in there?
Check-in time is from 3:30pm - 9:00pm.
Is smoking allowed on the property?
There are designated smoking areas throughout
What languages are spoken?
English, Italian, Lithuanian, Portuguese, and Russian are spoken here.
Should I make a reservation for parking?
You need to make a reservation at A and B Guest House for parking.
Are children allowed to check in here?
An individual has to be 18 and over to check in at A and B Guest House.
what time do I check out?
Check out times range from 7:30 AM to 10:00 AM.
Can my small dog stay with me?
Pets are not allowed at the A and B Guest House.
What type of credit cards do you take at your location?
We accept American Express, Mastercard, Visa, Maestro, and Sold.
Is there wifi available?
There is free wifi available.
Is there a charge for parking?
Parking is 10 GBP per day at the A and B Guest House.
How much is the wifi?
A and B guest house has free wifi.
Is there housekeeping services?
There is housekeeping every day at A and B Guest House.
Is there parking available?
A and B Guest House does have parking.
Can we have extra beds put into the room?
A and B Guest House has extra beds or cots at availability.
Do this property have a meeting or banquet facility?
There is no meeting room or banquet hall
Is there free breakfast at A and B Guest House?
The A and B Guest House does not provide breakfast for free.
What is on the breakfast menu?
Both continental and full English/Irish breakfast are available.
Is smoking allowed anywhere in the property?
There is a place where smokers can smoke at A and B Guest House.
Are the rooms at A and B Guest House accessible to those with disabilities?
The rooms at A and B Guest House are not accessible.
Does A and B Guest House offer accessible parking?
No, A and B Guest House does not have accessible parking.
Does this site offer concierge service?
A and B Guest House does not provide concierge service.
Is there a fitness center or gym available?
A and B Guest House does not offer a fitness center or gym.
Do you have any cooking facility available in the guest house?
Microwaves are available to use in the kitchen for guests at A AND B GUEST HOUSE.
Is there laundry available at the A and B Guest House?
Laundry is available at the A and B Guest House.
Does the A and B Guest House offer lift?
A and B Guest House doesn't offer lift.
Does A and B Guest House have luggage storage service.
Luggage and storage service is not provided here.
Does this site have swimming pool?
The A and B Guest House does not have a swimming pool.
Is there a restaurant onsite?
There is not any restaurant or bar onsite at A and B Guest House.
Are there safety deposit boxes in the rooms at A and B Guest House?
A AND B GUEST HOUSE does not have safety deposit box at the rooms.
Are there any spa?
No spa is onsite here.
What is the cost of security deposit?
A security deposit of GBP 50 per night is required at A AND B GUEST HOUSE.
how late can we check in?
The front desk is not open 24 hours at A and B Guest House.
Will there be a dry cleaning service offered at A And B Guest House?
There is no dry cleaning service offered by A AND B GUEST HOUSE.
Does the A and B Guest House provide room service?
This place does not provide room service.
Does this site offer any airport shuttle service?
Shuttle service is not provided here.
Are pets welcomed at this property?
People cannot bring pets to Acorn Guest House.
Do you have parking available for my car?
There is no parking available at Acorn Guest House.
What are your breakfast options?
Continental, vegetarian, and a full English/Irish breakfast are available at Acron Guest House.
What age does a child need to be to stay there?
Children of any age are welcome.
Is the hotel WiFi accessible?
Acorn guest house has free WiFi.
Do you serve a free breakfast?
Acorn Guest House does not provide breakfast for free.
Will I be able to request additional beds there?
You cannot ask for extra beds at the Acorn Guest House.
Is there any smoking section at this property?
The entire property is non-smoking.
Is there wifi available, and is it an extra charge?
The wifi is free at Acorn Guest House.
What time is check in for Acorn Guest House?
Check in is between 2:00pm and 10:00pm.
When is the latest I can check out?
The latest check-out time is 10:30 A.M.
What type of credit and debit cards do you take?
All major credit cards are accepted at this hotel.
What languages does your staff speak?
Greek, English, and Polish are spoken at the Acorn Guest House.
Are there facility for people with disability?
The Acorn Guest House does not have any rooms with disablity access.
Is there accessible parking available?
Acorn Guest House does not have accessible parking.
Will there be a concierge service at Acorn Guest House?
Acorn Guest House does not offer concierge service.
Does Acorn Guest House have a gym?
The Acorn Guest House does not have a fitness center or gym onsite.
Will I be able to use a kitchen when I stay here?
Acorn Guest House does not offer a kitchen for its guests.
Do you provide laundry services?
Laundry services are not provided here.
Do you have a lift for guests?
Acorn Guest House does not have a lift.
Are there luggage storage service?
Acorn Guest House does not offer luggage storage at their facility.
Does this site have facility to hold banquet or meeting?
ACORN GUEST HOUSE has no meeting or banquet facilities.
What is the cost of parking at the site?
There is no charge for parking at ACORN GUEST HOUSE
Do I need a parking reservation?
Parking reservations are not required at the Acorn Guest House.
Is there an onsite swimming pool at Acorn Guest House?
There is no swimming pool onsite at Acorn Guest House.
Are there any restaurant?
No, there is no restaurant at Acorn Guest House.
Do the guest rooms at Acorn Guest House have safety deposit boxes?
There are no safety deposit boxes in the rooms at Acorn Guest House.
Does ACORN GUEST HOUSE have a spa onsite?
No, we do not have a spa onsite.
Do you have an age restriction for check-in?
No, Acorn Guest House does not have an age restriction for check-in.
Are there areas where people can smoke at Acorn Guest House?
No designated smoking area is available here.
Are pets allowed at the Acorn Guest House?
Pets are not allowed at the Acorn Guest House.
What is the security deposit amount?
A security deposit of 20 GBP per stay is required at Acorn Guest House.
Is the front desk open 24 hours at Acorn Guest House?
The front desk is not open for 24 hours at ACORN GUEST HOUSE.
Do you provide daily housekeeping?
Daily housekeeping is not provided here.
Does Acorn Guest House provide dry cleaning service?
No, Acorn Guest House does not provide dry cleaning service.
Is there room service available at Acorn Guest House?
No, there is no room service available for guests at Acorn Guest House.
Does Acorn Guest House provide any shuttle service?
ACORN GUEST HOUSE does not provide any shuttle service.
Do you have any staff that speaks European languages?
Many European languages are spoken at Alexander Bed and Breakfast.
Can I bring my dog with me to Alexander Bed and Breakfast?
Pets are not allowed.
Do I need to reserve parking at Alexander Bed and Breakfast?
A reservation for parking is not necessary at the Alexander Bed and Breakfast.
What payment options are available there?
Alexander Bed and Breakfast accepts cash, Paypal, or UK cheque.
Is there WiFi available?
Free Wifi internet is available.
What kinds of parking options are available at your property?
There is on-site private parking available at Alexander Bed and Breakfast.
Is there a fee to use wifi?
The WiFi is free at the Alexander Bed and Breakfast.
Is there a kitchen I can use to prepare food?
No, there is no kitchen at alexander bed and breakfast.
Can I bring my dog?
Pets are not allowed at the Alexander Bed and Breakfast.
Can i park on premises?
Yes, you can. Parking is available.
Is there a laundry room?
There is laundry available at Alexander Bed and Breakfast.
Can I smoke at this property?
No smoking is allowed at Alexander Bed and Breakfast.
Can I bring my 2-year-old when I stay here?
Children are allowed at ALEXANDER BED AND BREAKFAST.
Does this site have designated smoking area?
There is no designated smoking area here.
Does the Alexander Bed and Breakfast supply extra beds?
Alexander Bed and Breakfast does not supply extra beds.
Is there a mandatory security deposit at Alexander Bed and Breakfast?
Alexander Bed and Breakfast requires a security deposit of GBP 20 per stay.
Is front desk service available for 24 hours?
The Alexander Bed and Breakfast does not offer 24-hour front desk.
Does the hotel offer a breakfast?
The Alexander Bed and Breakfast offers a free continental breakfast.
Is there daily housekeeping provided at Alexander Bed and Breakfast?
Daily housekeeping is not provided here.
Is there dry cleaning available at Alexander Bed and Breakfast?
Dry Cleaning is not available at Alexander Bed and Breakfast.
Does Alexander Bed and Breakfast provide room service?
Alexander Bed and Breakfast does not provide room service.
Does this site offer any airport shuttle service?
ALEXANDER BED AND BREAKFAST does not provide a shuttle service.
Does Alexander Bed and Breakfast offer accessibility to the disabled?
Alexander Bed and Breakfast does not offer accessibility to the disabled.
Are accessible parking available at the site?
Accessible parking is not available at Alexander Bed and Breakfast.
Does this site offer concierge service?
The Alexander Bed and Breakfast does not provide any concierge service.
Is there an onsite fitness center or gym at the Alexander Bed and Breakfast?
The Alexander Bed and Breakfast does not offer an onsite fitness center or gym.
Are there Elevator available at the site?
Alexander Bed and Breakfast does not have lift.
Does Alexander Bed and Breakfast offer luggage storage service?
Luggage storage service is not provided at Alexander Bed and Breakfast.
Are there meeting or banquet facilities at Alexander Bed And Breakfast?
There are no meeting or banquet facilities here.
What is the cost of parking at the site?
Parking is free at Alexander Bed and Breakfast.
Is there an onsite swimming pool at Alexander Bed and Breakfast?
ALEXANDER BED AND BREAKFAST does not have swimming pool onsite.
Are there any restaurant or bar at site?
There is no restaurant or bar onsite at ALEXANDER BED AND BREAKFAST.
Do you provide safety deposit boxes?
No safety deposit boxes are provided here.
Are there any spa?
There is no spa onsite at ALEXANDER BED AND BREAKFAST.
What is the minimum age required to check into Alexander Bed and Breakfast?
You must be at least 18 years old to check into Alexander Bed and Breakfast.
What is the check in time at the hotel?
Check-in time is from 15:00 at Alexander Bed and Breakfast.
When is check out time at Alexander Bed and Breakfast?
Check out time is at 10:30 at Alexander Bed and Breakfast.
What type of payment is accepted at Allenbell?
Allenbell accepts all major credit/debit cards, cash, and checks.
Do I have to pay for WiFi?
There is free Wifi at Allenbell.
Is a security deposit required at Allenbell?
Security desposits are required at Allenbell.
What is the earliest time I can check in?
Check-in time is at 14:00.
What is the cancellation policy at Allenbell?
Patrons need to cancel no later than five days in advance at Allenbell.
What is the check-out time at this property?
The check-out time at Allenbell is at 10:00 am.
Do you have WiFi?
Free WiFi is available at Allenbell.
Is there a kitchen and refrigerator available for guests there?
There is a refrigerator but no kitchen available for guests at the Allenbell.
Should I make a reservation for parking?
No reservation is needed for street car parking.
Is there a certain area to park my car?
Ample off street car parking is available at Allenbell.
Is breakfast available at Allenbell?
Breakfast at Allenbell is free when you book a room.
What are the breakfast options available at your location?
Breakfast options at the Allenbell include fruit juices, toast and choice of preserves, choice of breakfast cereals, Continental, or Full English.
What is your pet policy?
Allenbell is a pet free facility.
What are my options for parking at Allenbell?
There is free off-street car parking at the Allenbell.
Can I smoke there?
Allenbell is a non-smoking establishment.
Are pets allowed at your location?
Sorry, pets are not allowed at ALLENBELL.
Are there laundry and ironing facilities at Allenbell?
Therer are iron facilities available, but no laundry facilities.
Are there facility for people with disability?
The Allenbell does not have any room with disability access.
Do you have any accessible parking options for disabilities?
ALLENBELL offers accessible parking available.
Does this site offer concierge service?
Concierge service is not provided at Allenbell.
Are there any fitness center or gym onsite/
Allenbell does not have a fitness center or gym onsite.
Is there a lift available at Allenbell?
There is not a lift available at Allenbell.
Does Allenbell provide luggage storage service?
Allenbell does not provide luggage storage service.
Does this site have facility to hold banquet or meeting?
There are no meeting or banquet facilities at ALLENBELL.
What is the cost of parking here?
The parking is free at Allenbell.
Does the Allenbell offer any outdoors activities?
Allenbell does not have a swimming pool onsite.
Is there a restaurant or bar onsite at Allenbell?
There is no restaurant or bar onsite.
Do you offer any safety deposit boxes in your rooms?
The Allenbell does not offer safety deposit boxes in their rooms.
Is there an onsite spa at Allenbell?
No, Allenbell does not have a spa onsite.
What is the minimum age requirement for check-in?
You must be at least 18 years of age to check in at ALLENBELL.
Are children allowed at this property?
Children are allowed at ALLENBELL.
Is there a smoking area at Allenbell?
There is no designated smoking area at Allenbell.
Are extra bed available?
Extra beds are not available at the Allenbell.
Is front desk service available for 24 hours?
Allenbell does not offer 24 hours service at their facility.
Do you provide a daily housekeeping service?
Allenbell does not provide a daily housekeeping service.
Does this site offer dry cleaning services?
Allenbell does not provide dry cleaning service.
What type of language is spoken at the hotel?
English, Italian, and Polish are spoken here.
Does Allenbell offer room service?
Allenbell does not provide room service.
Does Allenbell offer a shuttle service?
No shuttle service is provided.
Do I need to reserve parking at Alpha-Milton Guest House?
No reservation is needed for free parking.
What is the charge for WiFi?
WiFi is free at Alpha-Milton Guest House.
Can I get an extra bed for my room?
There is no room for extra beds at the hotel.
Do you allow pets at the guest house?
Pets are not allowed.
Can I smoke there?
Smoking is not permitted.
How much does it cost to park here?
There is free parking at Alpha-Milton guest house
What time is check out at Alpha-Milton Guest House?
The check-out time at the Alpha-Milton Guest House is any time in the morning until 11 am.
What forms of payment do you accept?
This property accepts Visa, Mastercard, and Maestro.
Is there a charge for parking?
Free parking is possible on site.
Is there WiFi offered?
Free WiFi is available at the Alpha-Milton Guest House.
How early can I check in?
Check in time is between 13:00 and 19:00
May i check in with my children?
You may stay with children at the Alpha-Milton Guest House.
Does the guesthouse offer any free breakfast?
The hotel offers a complementary English/Irish breakfast with coffee.
Is there lift available at Alpha-MIlton Guest House?
No lift is available at Alpha-Milton Guest House.
Does the Alpha-Milton Guest House provide luggage storage service?
The Alpha-Milton Guest House does not provide luggage storage service.
Does this site have facility to hold banquet or meeting?
There are no meeting or banquet facilities at Alpha-Milton Guest House.
Do you have parking available at your property?
On site free parking is offered at the guest house.
What kind of fitness do you offer maybe a pool?
The Alpha-Milton Guest House does not have a swimming pool onsite.
Are there any restaurant or bar?
No restaurant or bar is available onsite.
Are there safe deposit boxes at the Alpa-Milton Guest House?
There are no safe deposit boxes.
Are there any spa?
There is no onsite spa at ALPHA-MILTON GUEST HOUSE.
Can my 17 year old daughter check in for me?
There is a 18 or over age limit to check-in at Alpha-Milton Guest House.
Is there smoking areas in the guest house?
There are no designated smoking areas at the Alpha-Milton Guest House.
Are pets allowed on site?
Pets are not allowed here.
How much is the security deposit for my room?
You have to pay GBP 50 per night as a non-refundable security deposit
What time is the front desk open?
The front desk at the Alpha-Milton Guest House is not open for 24 hours.
Do you provide daily housekeeping services?
The Alpha-Milton Guest House does not provide daily housekeeping service.
Do you have any sort of laundry service?
Alpha-Milton does not provide dry cleaning services.
Are you a multi language facility?
English is the only language spoken at Alpah-Milton Guest House.
Do you provide room service?
Room service is not provided here.
Does this site offer any shuttle service?
Shuttle services are not available at Alpha-Milton Guest House.
Are there facility for people with disability?
Alpha-Milton Guest House does not have disability access.
Is accessible parking available?
Accessible parking is not available here.
Does Alpha-Milton Guest House provide a concierge service?
ALPHA-MILTON GUEST HOUSE does not provide a concierge service.
Do you have an onsite fitness center or gym?
The Alpha-Milton Guest House does not have a fitness center or gym.
Do you have any kitchen facilities for guests to use?
The Alpha-Milton guest house offers limited kitchen facilities such as microwave and full English/Irish breakfast.
Does this site offer laundry service?
Laundry facilities are offered at Alpha-Milton Guest House.
Do I have to pay to park at Arbury Lodge Guest House?
Parking is free at Arbury Lodge Guesthouse.
Do you accept credit cards?
Visa and other major cards are accepted here.
What time is check-out?
Check-out time at the Arbury Lodge Guesthouse is between 8 am and 10 am.
What kind of breakfast is served?
There is a full english breakfast every morning
Can I stay with my children?
Children cannot stay at Arbury Lodge Guesthouse.
What is your pet policy for guests?
You cannot have pets at Arbury Lodge Guesthouse.
Do you have WiFi available for guests?
Wifi is available at the Arbury Lodge Guesthouse.
Can we have extra beds put into the room?
Extra beds are not available.
Can I smoke there?
Smoking is not allowed at Arbury Lodge Guesthouse.
Is free wifi available at your location?
Wifi is free at this lodge.
Is there parking available at the guesthouse?
Free private parking is available.
What is the check-in time at this location?
The check-in time is from 4pm to 9pm.
Is breakfast included in the stay?
Arbury Lodge Guesthouse does not offer breakfast for free.
Do i need a reservations for a parking space?
Reservations are not needed for parking.
What are my options for parking there?
You can park at Arbury Lodge Guesthouse and the parking is free.
Does the Arbury Lodge Guesthouse have any rooms disability access?
No, Arbury Lodge Guesthouse does not have any room with disability access.
Do you offer accessible parking here?
Accessible parking is not available at Arbury Lodge Guesthouse.
Will there be an onsite concierge service at Arbury Lodge Guesthouse?
No, Arbury Lodge Guest House does not provide concierge service.
Are there any fitness or gym area?
No fitness center or gym is onsite here.
Are there any coffee or tea maker at the site?
The coffee and tea maker are available for guests at Arbury Lodge Guesthouse.
Are there any laundry service?
There is no laundry facility available at ARBURY LODGE GUESTHOUSE.
Does the Arbury Lodge Guesthouse have lift?
No, we don't have lift at Arbury Lodge Guesthouse.
Is there a luggage storage service offered at Arbury Lodge Guesthouse?
Luggage storage is not an offered service at Arbury Lodge Guesthouse.
Does this site have facility to hold banquet or meeting?
We have no banquet facilitiies.
Is there an onsite swimming pool for guests?
There is no onsite swimming pool at Arbury Lodge Guesthouse.
Are there any restaurant or bar onsite?
No, there's no restaurant or bar onsite at Arbury Lodge Guesthouse.
Are there safety deposit boxes available at Arbury Lodge Guesthouse?
There are no safety deposit boxes available at Arbury Lodge Guesthouse.
Is there an onsite spa at Arbury Lodge Guesthouse?
Arbury Lodge Guesthouse does not have a spa onsite.
What's the minimum check-in age here?
To check in at Arbury Lodge Guesthouse you must be 18 years old.
Does this site have designated smoking area?
There is no designated smoking area at the ARBURY LODGE GUESTHOUSE.
Are there pets allowed at Arbury Lodge Guesthouse?
Pets are not allowed here.
Does this site require security deposit?
Yes, the security deposit for Arbury Lodge Guesthouse is GBP 20 per stay.
Is front desk service available for 24 hours?
No, the front desk is not open for 24 hours.
Does this site offer daily housekeeping service?
Arbury Lodge Guesthouse does not provide a daily housekeeping service.
Do you provide dry cleaning services?
Dry cleaning services are not provided at Arbury Lodge Guesthouse.
What type of language is spoken at the hotel?
Ten languages are available at Arbury Lodge Guesthouse including: English, German, Greek, French, Spanish, Italian, Hungarian, Russian, Polish, and Latvian.
Does this site offer daily housekeeping service?
Room service is not provided at Arbury Lodge Guesthouse.
Do you provide shuttle service?
No ARBURY LODGE GUESTHOUSE does not provide any shuttle service.
Is parking available at Archway House?
You can park your car off-road.
Is there available WiFi?
Wifi is available all through the house.
Is there any parking nearby?
Parking is available off-road at Archway House.
Is there a kitchenette in the rooms?
No kitchen in rooms, but there is tea and coffee making equipment, with biscuits.
Is smoking allowed at your location?
There is a no-smoking policy.
What options are available for breakfast?
A Full English is included, and can do a lighter breakfast if arrangements are made in advance.
What is your pet policy?
Archway House does not allow pets.
Do you have free WiFi?
There is free wireless internet throughout.
Is there an extra charge for breakfast at this property?
Breakfast is included at Archway House.
Can I make a reservation for parking?
No reservation is required for parking at Archway House.
What is the cost of parking at the site?
Free parking is available here.
Does Archway House have a swimming pool onsite?
There is not a swimming pool onsite at Archway House.
Is there a restaurant or bar available onsite?
Archway House does not have any restaurant or bar onsite.
Is there a safety deposit at Archway House?
No safety deposit box is available here.
Are there any spa services available at Archway House?
There are not spa services available at Archway House.
What is the minimum age of entry to check in at the hotel?
Age restriction for check-in at Archway House is 18 years of age.
When is the check out time?
2 p.m. to 10 p.m.
When is the check-out time at Archway House?
Check-out time here is 8:00 am to 10:30 am.
I will have a child with me, are they welcome at Archway House?
You can stay with children at the Archway House.
Are there designated smoking areas at Archway House?
There are no designated smoking areas at Archway House.
Will there be any extra beds upon request?
ARCHWAY HOUSE does not have extra beds available.
What type of payment method do you accept?
Archway House accepts payment by American Express, Visa, Mastercard, Maestro and Switch.
Are pets allowed at the Archway House?
Pets are not allowed at the Archway House.
What is the security deposit at Archway House?
Archway House requires a 50 GBP per night security deposit.
Is the front desk open 24 hours at the Archway House?
The Archway house does not have a front desk that is open 24 hours.
Does Archway House provide daily housekeeping services?
Daily housekeeping services are not provided here.
Do you provide any dry cleaning services?
Archway does not provide dry cleaning
What languages are spoken at Archway House?
English, Spanish and Italian languages are spoken at Archway House.
Is room service available at the Archway House?
Room service is not available at Archway House.
Does this site offer any airport shuttle service?
The Archway House does not provide any shuttle service.
Are the rooms accessible?
The rooms at ARCHWAY HOUSE are not accessible.
Do you have accessible parking available?
Archway House does not have accessible parking
Does this site offer concierge service?
Archway House doesn't provide any concierge service.
Are there any fitness center on site?
There is no fitness center onsite at Archway House.
Can I do my laundry when I visit here?
A laundry facility is not available at Archway House.
Are there any lifts there?
A lift is not available at Archway House.
Is there a luggage storage service at Archway House?
There is no luggage storage service offered at the Archway House.
Are there any meeting or banquet facilities at the Archway House?
There are not meeting or banquet facilities at the Archway House.
Which credit cards do you accept for payment?
We accept Visa, mastercard, aestro, sold and switch.
How much does it cost for WiFi there?
Wifi is free at Ashley Hotel.
What time can I check in at Ashley Hotel?
Check-in time is from 15:00 to 22:00.
Do you allow pets at the hotel?
No pets are allowed.
Are extra beds available at the Ashley Hotel?
One cannot ask for extra beds at Ashley Hotel.
Can I bring my dogs with me?
You cannot stay with your pets at Ashley Hotel.
Is Wifi available?
The Ashleye Hotel does have wifi and it is free.
What time is check out?
Check-out deadline is 10:30 am.
Can I reserve a parking space?
There is no parking at the Ashley Hotel onsite but there is parking close to the hotel. Reservations are not necessary.
What breakfast options are offered at Ashley Hotel?
The Ashley Hotel offers a full English/Irish breakfast.
Is there parking available in front of the hotel?
There is no onsite parking at Ashley Hotel.
Do you provide a free breakfast?
Breakfast is not included.
Can I bring my kids?
Children are welcome at this property.
What kinds of parking options are available?
Private off-site parking is available.
How much is the parking at your hotel?
Off-site parking is free near the Ashley Hotel.
Do you have any rooms with disability access?
Yes, all the rooms have disability accessible at Ashley Hotel.
Does Ashley Hotel offer accessible parking?
There is no accessible parking at Ashley hotel.
Is there concierge  service available?
There is no concierge at Ashley Hotel.
Is there a fitness center or gym at Ashley Hotel?
No, the Ashely Hotel does not have a fitness center or gym onsite.
Is there a coffee or tea maker available for guests?
A coffee/tea maker is available for guests.
Is there a laundry facility available at Ashley Hotel?
There is a laundry facility available at Ashley Hotel.
Is there a lift available at Ashley Hotel?
There is no lift at Ashley hotel.
Do you provide luggage storage?
Ashley Hotel does not provide luggage storage.
Do you offer meeting or banquet facilities here?
There are no meeting or banquet facilities at Ashley Hotel.
Is there an onsite pool at Ashley Hotel?
There is no onsite pool at Ashley Hotel.
What sort of food do you have on site?
There is no onsite restaurant at Ashley Hotel.
Are there any safety deposit box?
No safety deposit boxes are available at Ashley hotel.
Are there any spa?
There is no spa onsite at Ashley Hotel.
Is there a check-in age restriction at Ashley Hotel?
The age restriction for check-in at Ashley Hotel is 18 years of age.
Does this site have designated smoking area?
No smoking is allowed in the entire property.
Do you require a security deposit?
ASHLEY HOTEL requires a security deposit of 20 GBP per stay.
Do you have any rooms where I can smoke?
Smoking is not allowed here.
Is the front desk available 24 hours?
The front desk at Ashley Hotel is not open for 24 hours.
Does the Ashley Hotel provide daily housekeeping service?
Ashley Hotel does not provide daily housekeeping service.
Do you provide dry cleaning services?
The Ashley Hotel does not provide dry cleaning service.
What type of language is spoken at the hotel?
English, Italian, Lithuanian, Portuguese, and Russian are the languages spoken here.
Are there any room service?
Room service is not offered by ASHLEY HOTEL.
can you offer us a ride to and from the airport
Shuttle service is not provided at Ashley Hotel.
Is there accessible parking available at Autumn House?
Yes, there is accessible parking at Autumn House.
How much is charged for parking my car?
There is free parking at the Autumn House.
Do you have any smoking rooms available at your location?
Smoking is not allowed at the Autumn House.
When do we have to check out in the morning?
The check out time at Autumn House is between 8:00 am and 10:30 am.
Can I bring my pet with me?
Pets are not allowed.
How often do you provide housekeeping services?
There is housekeeping every day at Autumn House.
How much do you charge your guests for WiFi?
Autumn house has free WiFi.
Can I get an extra bed in my room?
Extra beds are not available.
Are children welcomed at this location?
You cannot stay with children at the Autumn House.
Is there any internet service available?
There is free wifi available.
Do I need to make a reservation for private parking?
Private parking is available without a reservation.
Are there certain languages used to communicate?
English and Italian are spoken at the Autumn House.
What credit cards are accepted there?
Autumn House accept these types of credit cards: American Express, Visa, Mastercard, JCB, Maestro, Solo, and UnionPay.
What time can I check into my room?
Check in time is 14:00 to 18:30.
Is there a kitchen or lounge area available for guests to use?
There is a kitchen and lounge area for guests to use.
How much is parking?
Parking is free at the Autumn House.
Can my child do the check in?
Customers have to be over 18 to check-in at Autumn House.
What kind of parking is available?
On-site private parking is available for free.
Does the hotel offer complementary breakfast?
Yes, Autumn House offers a free English breakfast for guests.
Does Autumn House offer dry cleaning service?
Dry cleaning service is not provided at Autumn House.
How late is your room servoice available?
AUTUMN HOUSE does not have room service available.
Does Autumn House have shuttle service?
Autumn House does not have shuttle service.
Are there facility for people with disability?
The Autumn House does not have any room with disability access.
Are concierge services available?
Concierge services are not available at AUTUMN HOUSE.
Do you offer any fitness gear at your location?
There is no fitness center or gym onsite here.
Does Autumn House offer on-site laundry?
Autumn House does have on-site laundry.
Are there Elevator available at the site?
The Autumn House does not have a lift.
Are there luggage storage service?
Autumn House does not offer luggage storage service.
Does this site have facility to hold banquet or meeting?
Autumn house does not have any meeting or banquet facilities.
Do you have a swimming pool there?
There is no swimming pool on site at Autumn House.
Are there any restaurant or bar available on site?
There is not a restaurant or bar at Autumn House.
Does this site require safe deposit?
The Autumn House does not have a safe deposit box.
Is there an onsite spa at the Autumn House?
There is no spa on site here.
Do you have any designated smoking areas?
There are no designated smoking areas at Autumn House.
Is there a non-refundable security deposit required at Autumn House?
A 50% non-refundable security deposit is required at Autumn House.
Is the front desk at Autumn House open for 24 hours?
AUTUMN HOUSE does not have a front desk that is open for 24 hours.
Can I bring my kids with me when I stay here?
AVALON is adults-only.
Is there a designated area for smoking at AVALON?
There is no designated smoking area at Avalon.
Are extra beds available?
Avalon does not have extra beds available.
Which credit cards does Avalon accept?
Avalon accepts Visa, Mastercard, American Express, Maestro, Sold.
Are pets allowed on site?
Pets are not allowed at avalon
What is the cost of security deposit?
A security deposit of 50 GBP per night is required at Avalon.
Can I smoke at Avalon?
Smoking is not allowed at Avalon.
Is Avalon open 24 hours?
No, does not stay open 24 hours.
Is there free breakfast offered at the hotel?
The Avalon provides several breakfast options including full English breakfast but there is a charge.
Does Avalon offer daily housekeeping service?
Avalon does not offer daily housekeeping services.
Does Avalon provide dry cleaning service?
Avalon does not provide dry cleaning service.
What languages do you support?
English and Italian are spoken at AVALON.
Do you offer any sort of room service?
Room service is not provided.
Is shuttle service offered at Avalon?
Avalon does not provide any shuttle service.
Are there facility for people with disability?
Unfortunately, no service is available for disability.
Is there accessible parking available?
There is accessible parking available at AVALON.
Is there concierge service at Avalon?
Sorry, no concierge service is avaliable.
Do you have a fitness center or gym onsite?
No, there is not a fitness center on gym onsite
Is there free WiFi available at Avalon?
You can use WiFi at 10 GBP per day here.
Are there any microwaves available for guests at Avalon?
Microwaves are available for guests at Avalon.
Do you have any iron facilities?
AVALON has only iron facilities on offer.
Do they have a lift?
Avalon does not have lift.
Do you provide any luggage storage services?
Luggage storage is not available at Avalon.
Are there any meeting or banquet facilities at Avalon?
Avalon does not have any meeting or banquet facilities.
What parking options are available here?
Only on-site public parking is available at Avalon.
Is there a fee for the parking at Avalon?
Parking is free at the Avalon.
Are parking reservation required at the site?
Parking reservations are not required at Avalon.
Are there any swimming pool?
Avalon does not have a swimming pool available onsite.
Does Avalon have its own restaurant or bar?
Avalon does not have its own restaurant or bar.
Do you have safety deposit boxes in the rooms?
There are no safety deposit boxes at Avalon.
Are there spa?
Avalon does not have a spa onsite
Do you have an age restriction to check-in?
There is no age restriction to check-in at Avalon.
What time is check-in at Avalon?
Check-in at AVALON starts at 14:00.
When is the check out time?
The checkout time is until noon (12:00).
How old do you have to be to check in?
Minimum age to check-in is 18.
What is your check in time?
The check in time is between 1:00pm to 10pm.
Is public parking free at your location?
Free public parking is available at the Aylesbray Lodge Guest House.
Can my dog stay here with me?
No pets are allowed.
Is there a charge to use the internet?
Use of WiFi is free.
Are extra beds available to add to a room?
No extra bed is available at Aylesbray Lodge Guest House.
Do I need to make a reservation for parking?
Reservation is not needed for parking at the guest house.
What payment options are accepted at Aylesbray Lodge Guest House?
Visa, Mastercard, Switch, American Express, and Maestro are accepted as payment methods.
How much does parking cost there?
Parking is free at the Aylesbray Lodge Guest House.
Do you have any age restrictions for children that are staying at the hotel?
Children of any age are welcome.
Is parking free at Aylesbray Lodge Guest House?
There is free parking at Aylesbray Lodge Guest House.
Is smoking allowed there?
You may not smoke at the Aylesbray Lodge Guest House.
Can I bring my dog?
Pets are allowed at Aylesbray Lodge
What time is check out at Aylesbray Lodge Guest House?
The check-out time is  until 10:00 am.
Is Wifi available at the Aylesbray lodge guest house?
Free WiFi is available at the Aylesbray Lodge Guest House.
What languages are spoken at your location?
Greek and English are spoken at Aylesbray Lodge Guest House.
Are rooms accessible?
The rooms at Aylesbray Lodge Guest House are not accessible.
Do you have accessible parking available?
Accessible parking is not available at AYLESBRAY LODGE GUEST HOUSE.
What services do you offer, like maybe a concierge service?
The Aylesbray Lodge Guest House does not provide concierge service.
Is there a gym or fitness center onsite at Aylesbray Lodge Guest House?
No gym or fitness center is available at this property.
Will I be able to use a kitchen when I stay here?
There is a shared kitchen available for guests at Aylesbray Lodge Guest House.
Is there a laundry facility on site?
Yes, Aylesbury lodge guest house has a laundry facility.
Is there a lift for guest use at Aylesbray Lodge Guest House?
No, Aylesbray Lodge Guest House does not have a lift.
Is there a luggage storing service available?
There is not any luggage storage service at Aylesbray Lodge Guest House.
Are there any meeting or banquet facilities available?
Aylesbray Lodge Guest House does not have any meeting or banquet facilities.
Do you have a pool onsite?
Aylesbray does not have a swimming pool on site.
Is there a restaurant or bar onsite?
AYLESBRAY LODGE GUEST HOUSE has no onsite bar or restaurant.
Does this site require any safety deposit?
There is no safety deposit box at the rooms at Aylesbray Lodge Guest House.
Are there any spa?
There is no spa onsite at Aylesbray Lodge Guest House.
Does this site have designated smoking area?
There is no designated smoking area available
what sort of deposit is required?
A 50% Non-Refundable deposit is required at Aylesbray Lodge Guest House.
Is your front desk open 24 hours?
The front desk at Aylesbray Lodge Guest House is not open 24 hours.
Is there free breakfast available at the hotel?
Free English/Irish breakfast is available here.
Does Aylesbray Lodge Guest House offer daily housekeeping service?
The Aylesbray Lodge Guest House does not provide daily housekeeping service.
Does this site offer dry cleaning services?
Dry cleaning service is not offered by Aylesbray Lodge Guest House.
Does this site offer daily housekeeping service?
Room service is not offered at AYLESBRAY LODGE GUEST HOUSE.
Are there any airport shuttle service at the site?
The Aylesbray Lodge Guest House does not provide shuttle service.
Are pets allowed here?
No, pets are not allowed at this property.
Is there breakfast available for guests?
Breakfast is available to buy at the property for 6 GBP per person
Can I make a reservation for parking?
A reservation is not needed for parking at the Bridge Guest House.
What languages are spoken there?
Greek, English, and Romanian are spoken at the Bridge Guest House.
Is there a cost for parking?
There is free parking at Bridge Guest House.
Can I bring my pet to your location?
Pets are not allowed.
What is the earliest time I can check-in at Bridge Guest House?
The check-in time at Bridge Guest House is between 4:00pm and 6:00pm.
What time is check-out at the Bridge Guest House?
The check-out time at the Bridge Guest House is between 8 am and 10:30 am.
Are children allowed to stay at your location?
Yes, children are allowed.
What kind of breakfast does the Bridge Guest House serve?
Breakfast is continental and full English/Irish.
Does Bridge Guest House allow smoking?
Smoking is not allowed at the Bridge Guest House.
What is the cost of WiFi at your location?
Free WiFi is available at the Bridge Guest House.
Does the hotel offer accessible parking?
Accessible parking is available on site.
What payment options are accepted at Bridge Guest House?
Visa and Mastercard are accepted at Bridge Guest House
What is the charge for WiFi?
Wifi is free at Bridge Guest House.
Are extra beds available to the guest?
You cannot ask for extra beds at the Bridge Guest House.
Do I have to pay for parking?
Bridge Guest House has free parking.
Is there a daily housekeeping service at your location?
There is housekeeping service every day at Bridge Guest House.
Is there an age restriction for check-in?
Age restriction for check-in at Bridge Guest House is 18 years of age.
Are there any designated smoking areas at the Bridge Guest House?
There are no designated smoking areas at the Bridge Guest House.
Is there a security deposit at Bridge Guest House?
BRIDGE GUEST HOUSE requires a security deposit of GBP 50 per night.
Is the front desk at the Bridge Guest House open for 24 hours?
The front desk at the Bridge Guest House is not open for 24 hours.
Does Bridge Guest House offer dry cleaning services?
Bridge Guest House does not offer a dry cleaning service.
Do you provide room service daily?
Bridge Guest House does not provide room service.
Do you provide a shuttle service?
Bridge Guest House does not provide any shuttle service.
Do you have any rooms that are accessible to disabled guests?
The rooms at BRIDGE GUEST HOUSE are not accessible.
Do you have a concierge service?
No concierge is available.
Are there any fitness center or gym?
Bridge Guest House does not have a fitness center or gym onsite.
Do you provide kitchens for your guests?
Bridget Guest House provides only microwave for kitchen facilities for their guests.
Do you provide any laundry services?
Laundry services are provided here.
Does Bridge Guest House have a lift?
The Bridge Guest House does not have a lift.
Does this property offer luggage storage here?
Bridge Guest House does not offer luggage storage as a service at their facility
Are there any meeting or banquet facilities at Bridge Guest House?
There are no meeting or banquet facilities at BRIDGE GUEST HOUSE.
Is there on-site private parking at the Bridge Guest House?
The Bridge Guest House has on-site private parking.
Is there an onsite swimming pool at Bridge Guest House?
There is no swimming pool onsite at Bridge Guest House.
Are there any restaurant or bar onsite?
There is no restaurant or bar onsite at the Bridge Guest House.
Does Bridge Guest House have a safety deposit box?
The rooms at BRIDGE GUEST HOUSE do not have a safety deposit box.
Are there any spa?
Thres is no spa onsite here.
Do you serve a free breakfast?
No, breakfast is not free at Carolina Bed and Breakfast.
What type of breakfast is available?
Full English/Irish breakfast is available.
How much is parking at your location?
Parking is free at Carolina Bed and Breakfast.
Are the rooms here cleaned on a daily basis?
The Carolina Bed and Breakfast provides daily housekeeping service.
Can my dog stay with me at Carolina Bed & Breakfast?
Pets are not allowed.
How much does it cost for WiFi?
Free WiFi is available.
What languages are spoken here?
German, Italian, Spanish and English are spoken at Carolina Bed and Breakfast.
What credit cards are accepted at your location?
Carolina Bed and Breakfasts accepts American Express, Visa, MasterCard, and Maestro Card.
Can I stay with my kids?
No, children are not allowed.
Is there a shuttle service offered at Carolina Bed and Breakfast?
Yes, there is a shuttle service available with additional charge.
Are extra beds or cots available?
There is no extra bed available.
What is your check-in time?
Check-in is between 4 and 7 pm.
is smoking allowed?
Smoking is not allowed at Carolina Bed and Breakfast.
Do I have to reserve parking?
No parking reservation is needed.
Is parking available at Carolina Bed and Breakfast?
Free public parking is available.
Do I have to pay for WiFi?
Carolina Bed and Breakfast offers free WiFi in all areas.
When is check out at Carolina Bed and Breakfast?
Check out is until 10:30 am at Carolina Bed and Breakfast.
Is this property accessible to disabled guests?
Carolina Bed and Breakfast is not accessible.
Is there accessible parking at Carolina Bed And Breakfast?
The Carolina Bed and Breakfast does not have accessible parking.
Is a concierge service available at Carolina Bed and Breakfast?
CAROLINA BED AND BREAKFAST does not offer a concierge service.
Is there a fitness center/gym onsite at Carolina Bed and Breakfast?
No, Carolina Bed and Breakfast does not have a fitness center/gym onsite.
Are there any kitchen at the site?
There is a coffee/tea maker available for guests at Carolina Bed and Breakfast, but no kitchen.
Are laundry services availible?
There is no laundry facility at Carolina Bed and Breakfast.
Is there an accessible handicap lift?
The Carolina Bed and Breakfast does not have a lift.
Does Carolina Bed and Breakfast offer a luggage storage service?
Carolina Bed and Breakfast does not offer any luggage storage service.
Does this site have facility to hold banquet or meeting?
There are no meeting or banquet facilities offered by CAROLINA BED AND BREAKFAST.
Is there on site parking available at the Carolina Bed and Breakfast?
On site parking is available at the Carolina Bed and Breakfast.
Is there a swimming pool at Carolina Bed and Breakfast?
CAROLINA BED AND BREAKFAST does not have a swimming pool onsite.
Are there any restaurant or bar available?
There is no restaurant or bar onsite at Carolina Bed and Breakfast.
Do you provide safety deposit boxes in your rooms?
No, there are no safety deposit boxes available at Carolina Bed And Breakfast.
Are there any spa?
Carolina Bed and Breakfast does have a spa onsite.
Do you have a minimum age restriction to check-in?
There is no age restriction to check-in at Carolina Bed and Breakfast.
Does this site have designated smoking area?
No, smoking is not allowed anywhere in Carolina Bed And Breakfast.
Are pets allowed on site?
Pets are not allowed at the Carolina Bed and Breakfast.
What is the deposit for safety?
A 50% non-refundable deposit is required to stay at Carolina Bed and Breakfast.
Is front desk service available for 24 hours?
The front desk is not 24 hours here.
Does this site offer dry cleaning services?
Dry cleaning service is not available at CAROLINA BED AND BREAKFAST.
Is room service provided at Carolina Bed and Breakfast?
No CAROLINA BED AND BREAKFAST does not provide room service.
Is there an onsite spa at City Centre North B and B?
City Centre North B and B does not have a spa onsite.
Do you have agr restrictions of some sort for check in?
There is no age restriction to check-in at the City Centre North B and B.
What is the check-in time?
The check-in time at City Centre North B and B is from 14:00.
What is your check-out time?
Check-out time at City Centre North B and B is 8:00 AM - 10:30 AM.
Are children allowed to stay?
Children are not allowed at City Centre North B and B.
Does this site have designated smoking area?
There is no designated smoking area at the City Centre North B and B.
Are extra bed available?
CITY CENTRE NORTH B AND B does not have extra beds available.
What forms of payment are accepted at the City Centre North B and B?
CITY CENTRE NORTH B AND B accepts American Express, Visa, Mastercard and Maestro as payment.
Are pets allowed at City Centre North B and B?
Pets are not allowed at City Centre North B and B.
How high is your security deposit?
City Centre North B and B requires a 50% non-refundable security deposit.
Is your facility smoking or non smoking?
Smoking is not allowed at City Centre North B and B.
Is the front desk at City Centre North B and B open for 24 hours?
The front desk at City Centre North B and B is not open for 24 hours.
Do you offer free breakfast?
City Centre North B and B does offer free English breakfast.
Does City Centre North B and B provide daily housekeeping service?
City Centre North B and B does not provide daily housekeeping service.
Does City Centre North B and B offer dry cleaning service?
City Centre North B and N does not provide dry cleaning service.
What languages are spoken at City Centre North B and B?
Greek and English are spoken at this place.
Does this site offer daily housekeeping service?
CITY CENTRE NORTH B AND B does not provide room service.
Do you provide a shuttle service?
No, we don't provide shuttle service at City Centre North B and B.
Are there any accessible rooms?
No, this B&B does not have any accessible rooms.
Are there any accessible parking onsite?
There is no accessible parking here.
Does City Centre North B and B offer concierge service?
City Centre North B and B does not offer concierge service.
Do you offer a fitness center or gym onsite?
City Centre North B and B does not have a fitness center or gym onsite.
Are there any WiFi at the site?
The cost to use WiFi at City Centre North B and B is 8 GBP per day.
What type of kitchen is available at the site?
A shared kitchen is available for guest at the City Centre North B and B.
Are there any laundry facilities at City Centre North B and B?
CITY CENTRE NORTH B AND B has iron facilities but no laundry.
Does City Centre North B and B have a lift?
City Centre North B and B does not have lift.
Is there luggage storage service at City Centre North B and B?
City Centre North B and B does not provide luggage storage.
Are there any meeting or banquet facilities at City Centre North B and B?
CITY CENTRE NORTH B AND B does not have any meeting or banquet facilities.
What is the cost of parking at the site?
There is free private on site parking at City Centre North B and B.
Is there a fee for the on-site private parking at the City Centre North B and B?
Parking is free for on-site private parking at the City Centre North B and B.
Do I need reservation to park at the site?
You do not need to make a reservation for parking at City Centre North B and B in advance.
Do you have a swimming pool onsite?
There is no swimming pool onsite here.
Does this site have restaurant available?
City Centre North B and B has a restaurant onsite.
Do you offer safety deposit boxes?
City Centre North B&B does not offer safety deposit boxes.
Does Cityroomz have rooms with disability access?
We don't have any room with disability access at Cityroomz.
Is accessible parking available at the site?
Accessible parking is not available at Cityroomz.
Is there concierge service at Cityroomz?
There is no concierge service available at CITYROOMZ.
Are there any fitness center on site?
There is no fitness center at Cityroomz.
What is the cost of WiFi here?
The Wifi service is 5 GBP/Day at Cityroomz.
Does CITYROOMZ have kitchens available for guests?
CITYROOMZ offers no kitchen for guests, instead offering only a microwave.
Do you have washer and dryer available?
Laundry is available at Cityroomz.
Is there a lift at Cityroomz?
Sorry but there is no lift available at Cityroomz.
Are there luggage storage service?
No luggage service is available.
Does this site have facility to hold banquet or meeting?
Cityroomz does not have any meeting or banquet facilities.
Will there be parking options once I arrive?
Yes, Cityroomz offers free onsite parking.
How much is the parking fee for guests?
Free parking is available on site.
Is parking reservation required to stay?
A parking reservation is required at Cityroomz.
Is there a swimming pool at CITYROOMZ?
There is no swimming pool at CITYROOMZ.
Is there a restaurant or bar available onsite at CITYROOMZ?
There is no restaurant or bar onsite at CITYROOMZ.
Do you have safety deposit boxes in your rooms?
No, we don't have safety deposit box at the rooms here.
Do you have a spa onsite?
Cityroomz does not have a spa onsite.
What is the minimum age of entry to check in at the hotel?
You must be at least 18 years old to check in at Cityroomz.
What is your check-in time?
Check-in at CITYROOMZ  is set at 13:00 - 19:00.
When is the check-out time at Cityroomz?
The check-out time at CITYROOMZ is at 10:00.
Are kids allowed?
Yes, children are allowed at Cityroomz.
Do you have any designated smoking areas?
There are no designated smoking areas at Cityroomz.
Can I get extra beds at Cityroomz?
Extra beds are not available at Cityroomz.
Which credit cards does Cityroomz accept?
Cityroomz accepts American Express, Visa, Mastercard, Maestro and Sold for payment.
Are pets allowed on site?
Pets are not allowed at Cityroomz.
What is the cost of security deposit?
There is required security deposit for GBP 20 per day at Cityroomz.
Is smoking permitted at Cityroomz?
Smoking is not permitted
When is front desk service available?
The front desk at Cityroomz is not open for 24 hours.
Does Cityroomz offer breakfast options?
CITYROOMZ provides a variety of breakfast options, but not for free.
Does this site offer daily housekeeping service?
Daily housekeeping is not available here.
Do you dry cleaning available?
No, Cityroomz doesn't offer a dry cleaning service.
What languages are spoken at your hotel?
English, Spanish and Italian are spoken at Cityroomz.
Do you offer room service?
Cityroomz does not offer room service.
Does this site offer any airport shuttle service?
Cityroomz does not provide any shuttle service.
Do you have a pool?
El Shaddai does not have an onsite swimming pool.
Are there any restaurant?
There is no restaurant onsite at El Shaddai.
Is there room service provided at El Shaddai?
Room service is not provided at El Shaddai.
Are there safety boxes in the rooms?
The rooms at El Shaddai do not have a safety deposit box.
Does El Shaddai offer any shuttle service?
No, El Shaddai does not offer any shuttle service.
Are there spa?
There is not a spa onsite at El Shaddai.
It there any age restriction to check-in?
You must be at least 18 years old to check-in
When is the check-in time at El Shaddai?
Check-in time is from 1 pm until 7 pm at the El Shaddai.
What time is the checkout at El Shaddai?
11:00 a.m. checkout
Is this an adult only location?
Children are allowed here.
Is there a designated smoking area?
There is not a designated smoking area.
Can I request an extra bed when I stay here?
Extra beds can not be requested at El Shaddai.
What type of payment method do you accept?
Visa, MasterCard, Maestro, Sold, and Switch are accepted as payment methods here.
Can I bring my cat when I stay here?
Pets are not allowed to stay at the El Shaddai.
Do you require a security deposit?
A 50% non-refundable deposit is required to stay at El Shaddai.
Is smoking permitted at El Shaddai?
Smoking is not allowed here.
Is the front desk open 24 hours at El Shaddai?
The front desk at El Shaddai is not open 24 hours a day.
Is free breakfast included?
Continental, Full English/Irish, Vegetarian, and Gluten-free breakfast is available here for free of charge.
Does this site offer daily housekeeping service?
El Shaddai does not provide daily housekeeping service.
Does this site offer dry cleaning services?
Dry cleaning services are not provided here.
What languages are spoken at El Shaddai?
We provide English and Italian spoken at El Shaddai.
Does El Shaddai have any rooms with disability access?
El Shaddai does not have any room with disability access.
Are there any accessible parking available?
El Shaddai does not have any accessible parking.
Does this site offer concierge service?
Concierge service is not offered by EL SHADDAI.
Do you offer a fitness center or gym onsite?
No fitness center or gym is available onsite.
What's the cost of WiFi here?
WiFi is 10 GBP/Day at El Shaddai.
Is there a kitchen available for the guests at El Shaddai?
There is a shared kitchen available for guests at El Shaddai.
Does this site have onsite laundry?
El Shaddai does have onsite laundry available.
Are there Elevator available at the site?
El Shaddai does not have lift.
Does El Shaddai offer luggage storage?
There's no storage for luggage at this place.
Are there any meeting or banquet facilities at El Shaddai?
There are no meeting or banquet facilities here.
What kind of parking is available at the site?
El Shaddai offers free on-site private parking.
How much is the fee for parking at this site?
EL SHADDAI offers free parking for guests.
Do I need reservation for parking?
You don't have to reserve parking ahead of time at EL SHADDAI.
Is there an onsite spa?
No, this hotel doesn't have spa onsite.
Is free parking available?
There is free parking onsite at Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge.
Are there any restaurants on site?
There is a restaurant on site at Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge.
Is there free WiFi available?
There is free wifi available at Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge.
Does the front desk open for 24 hours at Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge?
Yes, the front desk opens for 24 hours.
Is there luggage storage available at your location?
At Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge there is luggage storage available.
What type of breakfast is served?
Continental breakfast is available.
Can I bring my dog to Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge?
You may not stay with your pets at the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge.
Is WiFi available?
Yes, there is free Wifi.
What parking option does Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge offer?
Free private parking is available at the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge.
Is there a house keeping every morning?
Yes, Express by Holdiay Inn Cambridge provides daily housekeeping service.
Is there any place to smoke in the hotel?
There is a designated smoking area at the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge.
Do you offer a free breakfast?
There is no free breakfast.
Can children stay at this location?
Yes, you can stay with children.
Is there a lift available?
Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge does have a lift.
Are safety deposit boxes available?
There are safety deposit boxes in the rooms at the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge.
Are there any meeting or banquet facilities available?
Meeting and banquest facilities are available for a fee.
what time do I check out?
The check-out time at the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is any time in the morning until 12 pm.
What type of credit cards does the hotel accept?
Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge accepts Maestro, Mastercard, Visa, American Express, Diners Club, and JCB
Can we have extra beds put into the room?
People cannot ask for extra beds.
How much is parking at your hotel?
Parking is free at the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge.
How do I reserve a parking spot?
No reservation is needed for parking.
What time is check in for Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge?
Check-in time at Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is 14:00.
Are pets allowed there?
Pets are not allowed at the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge.
Does Express By Holiday Inn Cambridge offer disability access in rooms?
No, Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge does not have rooms with disability access.
Does Express By Holiday Inn Cambridge offer accessible parking?
Yes, accessible parking is available at Express By Holiday Inn Cambridge.
Is there a concierge service at Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge?
EXPRESS BY HOLIDAY INN CAMBRIDGE does not provide any concierge service.
Is there a fitness center or gym available onsite?
Express By Holiday Inn Cambridge does not have a fitness center or gym onsite.
Is there a kitchen available for guest to use?
EXPRESS BY HOLIDAY INN CAMBRIDGE only have coffee/tea maker available for guests.
Do you provide any laundry facility?
There is an iron facility available at Express By Holiday Inn Cambridge.
Is there an onsite swimming pool at Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge?
No, Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge does not have a swimming pool onsite.
Do you have a minimum age to check in here?
You must be 18 years or older to check in at Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge.
Is there a security deposit required at Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge?
Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge requires a security deposit of GBP 20 per stay.
Is there any smoking rooms at Express By Holiday Inn Cambridge?
Smoking is prohibited at EXPRESS BY HOLIDAY INN CAMBRIDGE.
Does this site offer dry cleaning services?
Express By Holiday Inn Cambridge does not provide dry cleaning service.
Which languages are spoken at Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge?
German, English, Polish, Portuguese are spoken at Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge.
Does this site offer daily housekeeping service?
No, Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge doesn't offer room service.
Is there shuttle service at Express By Holiday Inn Cambridge?
Express By Holiday Inn Cambridge does not provide any shuttle service.
How often are the rooms cleaned?
All rooms are serviced daily.
Is there wireless internet available here?
Free WiFi is available throughout the property.
Could I reserve a parking space?
You need no reservation for parking.
Do you have complimentary breakfast for your guests?
Yes, breakfast is included in the price of lodging.
Is there parking available?
Yes, there is parking available.
Is there laundry on site?
The Finches Bed and Breakfast does not have laundry facilities, but iron facilities are available upon request.
Is free parking available?
There is free parking available.
What kind of breakfast type meals are available?
The Finches Bed and Breakfast has multiple breakfast options, including Full English Breakfast, Vegetarian Breakfast, Salmon Muffin, Omelette, and On Toast.
Do I have to pay for WiFi at Finches Bed and Breakfast?
The wifi is free of charge at Finches Bed and Breakfast.
What type of language is spoken at the hotel?
Several European languages are spoken at Finches Bed and Breakfast.
Do you provide room service?
You cannot order room service at Finches Bed and Breakfast.
Do you provide a shuttle service?
Finches Bed and Breakfast does not provide shuttle service.
Are there rooms with disability access at Finches Bed and Breakfast?
We don't have any room with disability access at Finches Bed and Breakfast.
Does Finches Bed and Breakfast have accessible parking?
FINCHES BED AND BREAKFAST does not have accessible parking.
Does Finches Bed and Breakfast offer concierge service?
Concierge service is not offered by FINCHES BED AND BREAKFAST.
Is there a fitness center or gym onsite at Finches Bed And Breakfast?
FINCHES BED AND BREAKFAST does not have fitness center or gym onsite.
Will I be able to do any cooking when I stay here?
A shared kitchen is available at Finches Bed and Breakfast.
Is there a lift at Finches Bed and Breakfast?
Finches Bed and Breakfast does not have a lift.
Are there luggage storage service?
Services at Finches Bed and Breakfast do not include luggage storage.
Does this site have facility to hold banquet or meeting?
Finches Bed and Breakfast does not have any meeting or banquet facilities.
What sort of parking options are available?
Finches Bed and Breakfast offers free onsite parking.
Is there a pool at the Finches Bed And Breakfast?
FINCHES BED AND BREAKFAST does not have a swimming pool onsite.
Are there any restaurant or bar onsite?
No, there is no restaurant or bar onsite at Finches Bed and Breakfast. There is a full English breakfast and a shared kitchen.
Does this site have any safety deposit box?
There are no safety deposit boxes available at Finches Bed And Breakfast, sorry.
Is there an onsite spa at Finches Bed and Breakfast?
Finches Bed and Breakfast does not have a spa onsite.
Do you have a minimum age restriction to check in?
You must be at least 18 years of age to check-in at FINCHES BED AND BREAKFAST.
What is the check in time at the hotel?
Check in time is between 13:00 - 19:00 at Finches Bed and Breakfast.
What time is check-out at Finches Bed and Breakfast?
Check out is by 12:00 at Finches Bed And Breakfast.
Do you allow children to stay here?
FINCHES BED AND BREAKFAST does not allow children.
Is there a designated smoking area at Finches Bed and Breakfast?
Finches Bed and Breakfast does not have a designated smoking area.
Are there extra beds available at Finches Bed and Breakfast?
Extra beds are available here.
What forms of payment do you accept?
American Express, Visa, Mastercard, Maestro, and Sold are the accepted means of payment at FINCHES BED AND BREAKFAST.
Are there pets allowed at Finches Bed and Breakfast?
Pets are not allowed at Finches Bed and breakfast.
Do you require a safety deposit?
50% non-refundable deposit will be charged.
Does this site have designated smoking area?
You cannot smoke at Finches Bed and Breakfast.
When is front desk service available?
There is not 24 hour front desk service at Finches Bed and Breakfast.
Do you provide dry cleaning services?
FINCHES BED AND BREAKFAST does not provide dry cleaning service.
Are the rooms cleaned everyday?
Yes, there is daily housekeeping service.
Does your hotel have a spa?
There is a spa onsite at the Gonville Hotel.
Are safety deposit boxes available?
Yes, there is a safety doposit box at the room.
What breakfast options do you have?
Full English or Irish breakfast is served.
What time is check out?
Check-out time is by 11:00.
Can I bring my dog?
Pets are permitted. But charges may be applicable.
Is there any conference room available?
There are meeting and banquet facilities available at Gonville Hotel.
Does this hotel have any concierge service?
The hotel offers a concierge service.
How much does it cost to get an extra bed?
Extra beds are free, subject to availability.
What is the charge for WiFi at Gonville Hotel?
WiFi is free here.
Is there a free breakfast available for guests?
Breakfast is not free.
Is there any charge for staying with my pet?
You'll be chraged 100 GBP fee per stay to keep a pet in your room.
What is the parking charge?
Parking costs GBP 14 per day.
Is there a self-laundry service here?
Only dry cleaning for an additional charge is available.
Is there a place to store my luggage?
Luggage storage is available at the Gonville Hotel.
Do you have any room handicapped accessible?
The Gonville Hotel has rooms with disability access.
Is there a lift available?
Gonville Hotel does have a lift.
Is there free parking available at your hotel?
There is parking at Gonville Hotel but it is not free.
What time does your front desk close?
The front desk at the Gonville Hotel is open 24 hours.
Is there a restaurant or bar at your hotel?
There is a restaurant and a bar at the Gonville Hotel.
Do I need to have reservations for parking?
No reservation is needed for parking at Gonville Hotel.
Is dry cleaning offered at Gonville Hotel?
Dry cleaning is available for a fee.
Does this hotel have any smoke area?
There is a designated smoking area at the Gonville Hotel.
What credit cards are accepted?
AMEX, Visa and Mastercard are accepted at Gonville Hotel.
Am I allowed to stay at your hotel with my children?
Yes, you can stay with your children.
What time can I check in?
You may check in any time after 3 pm.
Is room service available at your location?
Gonville Hotel provides rooms service.
Is Wifi available at your hotel?
WiFi is available at the Gonville Hotel.
What languages are spoken at your hotel?
We speak Czech, Greek, English, Spanish, French, Hungarian, Italian, and Polish!
Is there private parking available?
The hotel has private, secured parking on site for GBP 14 per day.
Do you offer any accessible parking?
The Gonville Hotel offers accessible parking.
Is there a fitness center at Gonville Hotel?
No finess center is available onsite.
Do you provide a coffee or tea maker in your guest rooms?
A coffee/tea maker is available for guests.
Is there a pool at Gonville Hotel?
There is no onsite swimming pool at Gonville Hotel.
Do you have a minimum age restriction to check in?
Yes, a person must be 18 to check in.
What kind of security deposit do you ask for?
A security deposit of GBP 50 per night is required at Gonville Hotel.
Is a smoking room available?
Smoking is not allowed at Gonville Hotel.
Is there a shuttle service at Gonville Hotel?
No shuttle service is provided by Gonville Hotel.
Do I need a reservation for parking at your location?
The parking is free at Hamilton Lodge and no reservation is needed.
Is there a charge to use the internet?
Wifi is free.
Is there internet service?
Yes, WiFi is available.
Is there laundry services at Hamilton Lodge?
No laundry service is available.
Is free breakfast available for guests?
The Hamilton Lodge does not offer a free breakfast.
What type of breakfast is offered at Hamilton Lodge?
The Hamilton Lodge offers a full English breakfast.
Is there free parking at your lodge?
Hamilton Lodge offers free parking.
is there parking available onsite?
There is free onsite parking at Hamilton Lodge.
Is smoking allowed at this Lodge?
You may not smoke at the Hamilton Lodge.
do you have ada accessible rooms?
No, Hamilton Lodge has no accessible rooms.
Is accessible parking available at the Hamilton Lodge?
The Hamilton Lodge offers accessible parking that requires no reservation.
Is there concierge service at Hamilton Lodge?
Hamilton Lodge does not offer any concierge service.
Are there any fitness center?
There is no fitness center at the Hamilton lodge.
Is there any coffee or tea maker?
A coffee/tea maker is only available for guests.
Do you have a lift?
No, there is no lift at Hamilton Lodge.
Are there luggage storage service?
Hamilton Lodge does not provide luggage storage service.
Do you have facilities for meetings or banquets?
There are not areas for meetings or banquets at Hamilton Lodge.
Is there free parking at Hamilton Lodge?
There is on site free parking at Hamilton Lodge.
Is there a swimming pool onsite at Hamilton Lodge?
The Hamilton Lodge does not have a swimming pool onsite.
Is there a bar or restaurant onsite here?
Hamilton Lodge has no bar or restaurant onsite.
Are there any safety deposit box?
There is no safety deposit box at the rooms here.
Are there any spa available?
Hamilton Lodge does not have a spa onsite.
What is the age restriction for check-in at Hamilton Lodge?
At least 18 years old
What is check-in time at Hamilton Lodge?
Check-in time at Hamilton Lodge is 13:00 to 19:00.
What is the check-out time here?
HAMILTON LODGE check-out time is at 10:30.
Are children allowed to stay at the Hamilton Lodge?
All children are welcome at the Hamilton Lodge.
Is there a designated smoking area at Hamilton Lodge?
There is no designated smoking area here.
Can I request extra beds?
Yes, extra beds can be requested
What type of payment method do you accept?
Hamilton Lodge accepts Visa, Mastercard, Maestro, Sold, Switch.
Are pets allowed on site?
No pets are allowed at Hamilton Lodge.
What is the security deposit at the site?
There is a 50% non-refundable security deposit to stay at HAMILTON LODGE.
Is the Hamilton Lodge front desk open for 24 hours?
The Hamilton Lodge front desk is not open 24 hours.
Does this site offer daily housekeeping service?
Hamilton Lodge does not provide daily housekeeping.
Do you offer dry cleaning services?
Dry cleaning service is not offered at Hamilton Lodge.
What languages do your staff speak?
Greek and English are spoken at Hamilton Lodge.
Do you provide room service?
No, Hamilton Lodge does not provide room service.
Does this site offer any airport shuttle service?
Shuttle service is not provided by HAMILTON LODGE.
What do you offer for breakfast?
An Full English/Irish breakfast is available at the HOBSONS HOUSE
What is the check-out time at your location?
Check-out time at the Hobsons House is between 7:30 am and 10 am.
Are pets allowed?
Pets are not allowed at the Hobsons House.
Are there any smoking areas available?
The Hobsons House is completely non-smoking.
Is free Wifi available at your location?
Free WiFi is available at the Hobsons House.
Do I have to pay for parking?
Parking is free here.
Is there a complementary breakfast?
No, breakfast is not free at the Hobsons House.
What kind of parking is available?
Hobsons House offers free private parking, however a reservation is needed.
What time may I check in?
Check-in is between 4 and 9 pm.
What are my payment options available?
We accept cash only.
Is there private parking available?
There is free private parking at Hobsons house, however you do need to make a reservation to reserve your spot.
Are children allowed to stay at your hotel?
Yes, Children are allowed to be booked at the hotel.
How often are the rooms cleaned?
The Hobsons House provides daily housekeeping service.
Are extra beds available for my room?
There are extra beds available, subject to availability.
Is there a smoking section at Hobsons House?
Hobsons house has no smoking throughout.
Do I have to pay a security deposit?
There is a security deposit of 20 GBP at the Hobsons House.
Is WiFi available?
Wifi at Hobsons House is free but available in public areas.
Are my reservations needed for private parking?
Reservations are required for private parking at Hobsons House.
Are there any laundry?
The Hobsons House does have laundry facilities.
Are there Elevator available at the site?
The Hobsons House does not offer a lift.
Is luggage storage availible?
There is no luggage storage service available at HOBSONS HOUSE.
We are looking for a meeting area, do you have such a  room?
Hobsons House does not have any meeting or banquet facilities.
Is there a pool at this property?
There is no swimming pool onsite.
Does Hobsons House have a bar or restaurant?
No, Hobsons House doesn't have a bar or restaurant.
Are there safety deposit boxes available at Hobsons House?
No, there are no safety deposit boxes available at Hobsons House.
Are there spa?
Hobsons House does not have a spa onsite.
What is the age restriction for check-in at Hobsons House?
At least 18 yrs old.
Are pets allowed at Hobsons House?
Pets are not allowed at Hobsons House.
Is front desk service available for 24 hours?
Hobsons House does not have 24 hour front desk service.
Does this site offer dry cleaning services?
Hobsons House does not provide dry cleaning service.
What languages are spoken at Hobsons House?
English and Greek are the languages spoken here.
Do you offer room service?
Room service is not provided at Hobsons House.
Does Hobsons House provide a shuttle service?
HOBSONS HOUSE does not provide a shuttle service.
Does Hobsons House have disability access?
No disability access is available at Hobsons House.
Is accessible parking available?
Hobsons House does not have accessible parking.
Does Hobsons House have concierge service?
There is no concierge service on hand at the Hobsons House, sorry.
Do you have a fitness center or gym onsite?
Hobsons house does not have a fitness center or gym onsite.
Are there any cooking appliances available for use at Hobsons House?
Hobsons House has microwaves only.
Do you charge for Wifi?
Free WiFi is available at Home From Home.
How much does it cost for parking there?
Home from Home offers free private parking.
Do you offer storage for luggage?
Home From Home does provide luggage storage.
Can I have my dog stay with me at Home from Home?
No pets are allowed.
Is there a washer and dryer there?
There is a laundry facility at Home from Home.
What kind of parking is available?
Free private parking, secured parking and accessible parking are available.
Do I need to make a reservation for parking?
Parking is free and people do not need reservations for this at Home from Home.
Do your guests have access to a kitchen?
There is a shared kitchen available for guests.
Can I get another bed at this location?
One cannot ask for another bed at Home From Home.
Can I stay with my children?
Yes, children are welcome to stay at Home From Home.
Is accessible parking available?
Home from Home offers accessible parking for free.
Are the rooms cleaned daily?
Home From Home does provide housekeeping every day.
What payment methods do you accept?
Home from Home takes Switch, Visa, Mastercard, Carte Blanche, Carta Si, Carte Bleue, and Maestro.
Is smoking allowed at a certain area in your location?
No, there is no smoking area available.
How much to use the WiFi?
Wifi is free at Home From Home.
What kind of breakfast is served at Home From Home?
The breakfast options at Home from Home are Continental, Italian, Full English/Irish, Vegetarian, Vegan, and Gluten-free.
Is there free parking available?
Yes, there is free private parking at Home from Home.
What languages are spoken there?
The languages spoken are English, Italian, and Polish.
Is breakfast free at your location?
Home from home does not provide a free daily breakfast.
what time can I check out?
Check-out at Home from Home is between 8 am and 10:30 am.
What is the Check-in time?
Check-in at the Home from Home is between 4 pm and 7:30 pm.
Is smoking allowed at Home From Home?
Home From Home is non smoking throughout.
Is there wheelchair accessible parking at Home From Home?
No, HOME FROM HOME does not have accessibility available.
Do you offer a concierge service?
Home From Home does not offer concierge service.
Are there any fitness center or gym onsite?
There is no fitness center or gym onsite at Home From Home.
Is there a lift at Home From Home?
No lift is available at Home From Home.
Are there any meeting or banquet facilities at Home from Home?
Home From Home does not have any meeting or banquet facilities.
Are there any swimming pool available?
Home From Home does not have an onsite swimming pool.
Is there an onsite restaurant or bar at Home from Home?
HOME FROM HOME has no onsite restaurant or bar.
Is there a safety deposit box in the rooms at Home from Home?
There is no safety deposit box in the rooms at HOME FROM HOME.
Is there a spa room at Home From Home?
No, Home From Home does not have a spa onsite.
How old do you have to be for check in?
Guests must be at least 18 years old to check-in at Home From Home.
Can I bring my dog?
No pets are allowed at Home From Home.
Is there a security deposit required at Home from Home?
The security deposit required to stay at Home From Home is GBP 50 per night.
Is the front desk at Home from Home open for 24 hours?
The front desk at Home From Home is not open for 24 hours.
Do you provide any dry cleaning services?
Home From Home does not offer dry cleaning service.
Do you provide room service?
No, Home from Home does not provide any room service.
Do you provide a shuttle service?
Home From Home does not provide any shuttle service.
Can I request an extra bed for the room?
No, this property does not offer cots or extra beds.
Is there workout rooms available onsite?
The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel has a fitness center and gym onsite.
Does the hotel provide breakfast for free?
The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel does not provide breakfast for free.
Is there wifi at your hotel?
Yes there is wifi available at this hotel.
Do you have any handicapped rooms available?
There are handicapped rooms available at Huntingdon Marriott Hotel.
Do you have a restaurant available onsite?
There is a restaurant and a bar onsite at Huntingdon Marriott Hotel.
What are your front desk hours?
The front desk at the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is open for 24 hours.
Is there a charge to use the internet?
The wifi is free at Huntingdon Marriott Hotel.
Can my pet stay at Huntingdon Marriott Hotel?
Pets are not allowed.
When is check out each day to avoid being billed for the following day?
Check in time is from 3pm to noon the next day.
Is reservation parking available?
You cannot make a reservation for parking at the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel.
Do you have wheel chair accessible parking spaces?
The hotel has accessible parking spaces.
What are my options for breakfast?
There are continental and buffet breakfast options at the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel.
Are there any dry cleaning services at your location?
Dry cleaning is available for an additional charge at the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel.
Can I bring my kids to Huntingdon Marriott Hotel?
Children are welcome at Huntingdon Marriott Hotel.
What credit cards are accepted there?
JCB, Diners Club, AMEX, Visa, and Mastercard are taken at Huntingdon Marriott Hotel.
Do I need to pay a security deposit?
There is a security deposit for 50 GBP per night to stay at the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel.
Do you provide room service?
There is room service at Huntingdon Marriott Hotel.
Is there a daily housekeeping service?
Yes, the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel offers daily housekeeping.
What time is check-out?
The check-out time at the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is any time in the morning until 12 pm.
Is there a cost for parking?
There is free parking available.
Are meeting rooms available at the hotel?
There are meeting rooms at Huntingdon Marriott Hotel.
I was wondering how old I had to be to check in.
The minimum age to check in is 18
Is there a safety deposit box at Huntingdon Marriott Hotel?
Yes, there is a safety deposit box in the room.
Is there a spa onsite?
There is no spa facility at Huntingdon Marriott Hotel.
Is there any concierge service available?
The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel has a concierge service.
Is private parking free?
Yes, there is free private parking
What languages are spoken at Huntingdon Marriott Hotel?
German, English, Polish, Portuguese are spoken at Huntingdon Marriott Hotel.
Is there a swimming pool?
The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel has a swimming pool onsite.
Is there a lift available for wheelchairs?
The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel has a lift.
Is there secured parking available at the hotel?
We have free private, secured parking on the hotel's site.
Can I store my suitcase until check-in time?
The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel offers a luggage storage service.
Are there any cooking appliances available for guests at the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel?
There is only a coffee/tea maker available for guests at the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel.
Is there any laundry service offered by the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel?
The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel offers iron only laundry service.
Does this site have designated smoking area?
There is no smoking allowed at the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel.
Do you allow any pets there?
Pets are not allowed at this hotel.
Is smoking allowed in this hotel?
No smoking is allowed in Huntingdon Marriott Hotel.
Do you provide a shuttle service?
No shuttle is provided by Huntingdon Marriott Hotel.
Is free WiFi available at your location?
Free WiFi is available everywhere on site.
Can I bring my dog?
Pets are not allowed at the Kirkwood House.
What languages are spoken here?
Greek and English are spoken at Kirkwood House.
what time do I check out?
Check-out time is any time in the morning until 10:30 am at the Kirkwood House.
Are children welcomed at this location?
Children are not permitted.
Is there parking available at Kirkwood House?
There is no parking available.
Do I need a reservations for a parking space?
There is no parking available.
Is there any smoking rooms available?
No. All rooms are non-smoking.
What forms of payment do you accept?
Visa, Mastercard, Maestro, American Express, and Solo are the accepted payment methods at the Kirkwood House.
is there a certain areas to park my car?
There is no parking available at the Kirkwood House.
What is the check-in time at this location?
Check in time is 11:00 to 21:00.
Can I get an extra bed?
You may not ask for extra beds at the Kirkwood House.
Do you allow pets there?
Kirkwood House does not allow pets.
How much does the WiFi cost?
WiFi is free at the Kirkwood House.
Does Kirkwood House provide housekeeping?
Yes, daily housekeeping is provided.
Do you have a pool at Kirkwood House?
Kirdwood House does not have a pool.
Do you offer any on site food or drinks?
Kirkwood House does not have a restaurant or bar.
Does the Kirkwood have in room safety deposit boxes?
There are no safety deposit boxes provided here.
Do you have a spa for guests to use?
There is not a spa onsite at Kirkwood House.
Is there an age restriction for the guests at Kirkwood House?
There is no age restriction.
Does this site have designated smoking area?
There is no designated smoking area here.
What is the security deposit at the site?
There is a 50% non-refundable security deposit required to stay at the Kirkwood House.
Is your front desk open all the time?
The Kirkwood House front desk is not open for 24 hours.
Is free breakfast available at Kirkwood House?
Yes, various breakfast options are available at Kirkwood House for free.
Do you offer any dry cleaning service?
Kirkwood House does not offer dry cleaning service.
Do you provide room service?
The Kirkwood House does not provide room service.
Does Kirkwood House offer a shuttle service?
Kirkwood House does not provide shuttle service.
Are there any room available with disability access?
Kirkwood House does not have any rooms with disability access.
Is accessible parking available at the site?
Accessible parking is not available here.
Do you offer a concierge service?
Kirkwood House does not offer concierge service.
Are there any fitness center?
KIRKWOOD HOUSE does not have an onsite fitness center.
Is there a kitchen available for guests at the Kirkwood House?
There is not a kitchen available for guests at the Kirkwood, but a coffee and tea maker is provided.
What laundry services are offered at Kirkwood House?
We have only iron facility here.
Is there a lift at Kirkwood House?
Kirkwood House does not have lift.
Does KIRKWOOD HOUSE accommodate luggage storage service for their guests?
Kirkwood House does not provide any luggage storage service.
Are there any meeting or banquet facilities at Kirkwood House?
There are no meeting or banquet facilities here.
What is the cost of parking at the site?
Parking at Kirkwood House is free.
Are babies and children allowed to stay here?
Accommodations are available for all ages.
When is standard check in?
Check-in time is from 16:00 to 22:00.
What kind of breakfast does Leverton House serve?
Breakfast at Leverton House is home-cooked.
Can I bring my dog to the Leverton House?
Pets are not allowed at the Leverton House.
Is there any charge for parking?
Parking is free of charge at Leverton House.
Can I smoke at Leverton House?
Smoking is not allowed at the Leverton House.
What are the parking options available at your location?
Leverton House offers free street and secured parking at a location nearby.
Do you accept credit cards as payment?
The Leverton House accepts Visa, Mastercard, Maestro, American Express, and Solo.
Do I need to reserve a parking space?
A reservation is not required for parking.
Can I get any extra bed for my room?
There is no room for extra beds at Leverton House.
What time is check-out?
Check out is between 730 and 1030
What is the charge for WiFi?
WiFi is free at the Leverton House.
Do you have WiFi available for guests?
There is free wifi at Leverton House.
Can you help me find a luggage service?
Say luggage service under contact host.
Are there facility for people with disability?
Leverton House does not have any rooms with disability access.
Is there accessible parking at the Leverton House?
LEVERTON HOUSE offers free accessible parking.
Will there be a concierge service at Leverton House?
Leverton House does not provide any concierge service.
Are there any fitness center or gym onsite?
Leverton House does not have a fitness center or gym onsite.
Do you have a kitchen for guests?
LEVERTON HOUSE has a shared kitchen available for its guests.
Are there laundry facilities at the Leverton House?
We have laundry facility at the Leverton house.
Are there Elevator available at the site?
Lift is not available at LEVERTON HOUSE.
Are there any meeting or banquet facilities available onsite?
No, we have neither one.
Is there an onsite pool at Leverton House?
There is no pool onsite at Leverton House.
Is there a restaurant or bar at the Leverton House?
LEVERTON HOUSE does not have a restaurant or bar onsite.
Do you offer a safe storage option in the rooms?
There are no safety deposit boxes in the rooms at the Leverton House.
Does Leverton House have a spa room available?
No spa is onsite here.
Is there an age restriction for check-in at Leverton House?
You must be at least 18 years old to check-in at Leverton House.
Does this site have designated smoking area?
Leverton House does not offer a designated smoking area.
Can my dog stay with me?
Pets are not allowed at Leverton House.
Is there a security deposit required at Leverton House?
A security deposit of 50 GBP per night is required.
Is the front desk available 24 hours?
The front desk here is not 24 hours.
Is breakfast free at the site?
Yes, you can enjoy a free breakfast!
How often does your house keeping come around?
Daily housekeeping service is not provided at Leverton House.
Do you offer dry cleaning service?
The Leverton House does not provide dry cleaning service.
What languages are spoken at the hotel?
Greek and English are spoken at Leverton House.
Do you provide room service?
Room service is not available to order at Leverton House.
Are there any shuttle service ?
There is no shuttle service at Leverton house.
Does this site offer daily housekeeping service?
There is no daily housekeeping service at Limehouse.
are you able to pick us up at the airport?
Limehouse does not provide any shuttle service.
Does this site offer dry cleaning services?
Dry cleaning service is not provided at Limehouse.
What languages are spoken at Limehouse?
Greek and english
Does Limehouse provide room service?
Limehouse does not provide room service.
Do your rooms have disability access?
No rooms have disability access.
Is there accessible parking available at Limehouse?
Accessible parking is not available at Limehouse.
Can I get a concierge service when I arrive?
Limehouse does not offer any concierge service.
Do you have an onsite fitness center?
LIMEHOUSE does not have an onsite fitness center.
Does LIMEHOUSE have free WiFi service for their guests?
WiFi is available at 5 GBP per day.
What type of kitchen is available at the site?
LIMEHOUSE has a shared kitchen for use by its guests.
Does this site offer laundry?
We have laundry at Limehouse.
Are there Elevator available at the site?
Limehouse does not have lift.
Does Limehouse provide luggage storage service?
Limehouse does not provide any luggage storage service.
Does this site have facility to hold banquet or meeting?
There are not available areas for meetings or banquets at Limehouse.
What type of parking is available?
We have only on-site private parking at Limehouse.
What is the cost of parking at the site?
Free parking allowed
Are parking reservation required at the site?
Parking reservations are not required at Limehouse.
Is there an onsite swimming pool at Limehouse?
The Limehouse does not offer an onsite swimming pool.
Are there any restaurant or bar onsite?
There is not an onsite restaurant or bar at LIMEHOUSE.
Do you provide safety deposit boxes?
Limehouse does not provide safety deposit boxes.
Is there an onsite spa at Limehouse?
There is no onsite spa at Limehouse.
What is the minimum age of entry to check in at the hotel?
Limehouse requires a person with minimum 18 years of age to check-in.
What is the check in time at the hotel?
Check-in time at Limehouse is from 15:00.
What is the latest checkout time at Limehouse?
12pm is the latest checkout time at Limehouse.
Are kids allowed?
Children are not allowed at the Limehouse.
Do you have a designated smoking area?
There is not a designated smoking area at Limehouse.
Are extra bed available?
Extra beds are available here.
What type of payment method do you accept?
Limehouse accepts Visa, Matercard, Carte Bleue, Maestro, Sold, Switch, Carte Blanche and Carta Si as payment options.
Are pets allowed on site?
No pets are allowed at LIMEHOUSE.
What is the security deposit fee?
LIMEHOUSE requires a 50% security deposit for staying.
Does this site have designated smoking area?
Smoking is not allowed at Limehouse.
Is front desk service available for 24 hours?
The front desk at Limehouse is not open for 24 hours.
Does Limehouse provide breakfast?
A continental breakfast is offered at Limehouse with no charge.
Do you have disability access at the Lovell Lodge?
Lovell Lodge does not have any rooms with disability access.
Do you have accesible parking?
Lovell Lodge offers accessible parking on site.
Is there a concierge service at Lovell Lodge?
No, Lovell Lodge doesn't have a concierge service.
Is there an onsite fitness center at Lovell Lodge?
There is no onsite fitness center at LOVELL LODGE.
What is the cost of WiFi here?
The WiFi is 7 GBP per day.
Are there any cooking appliances in the rooms at Lovell Lodge?
Only a microwave is available in the room.
Does this site offer dry cleaning services?
LOVELL LODGE offers laundry facilities.
Is there a lift at Lovell Lodge?
There is no lift at Lovell Lodge.
can we drop before check in our luggage off?
Luggage storage service is not available here.
Is there a meeting room, or banquet hall for guest to use at Lovell Lodge?
No, Lovell Lodge does not have meeting or banquet facilities.
Where can I park my car?
On-site private parking is available at Lovell Lodge.
Is there free parking at Lovell Lodge?
On-site private parking is free at Lovell Lodge.
Do you have parking available?
Parking reservations are required in advance at Lovell Lodge.
Is there an onsite swimming pool at Lovell Lodge?
The Lovell Lodge does not have a swimming pool on site.
Is there a restaurant or bar at Lovell Lodge?
No, Lovell Lodge does not have a restaurant or bar onsite.
Are there any safety deposit boxes in the rooms?
There are no safety deposit boxes provided in the rooms.
Is there a spa onsite here?
There is no spa at Lovell Lodge.
Do you have a minimum age requirement for check-in?
Guests must be at least 18 years old to check-in at Lovell Lodge.
What is the check in time please?
The check-in time at Lovell Lodge is between 16:00 to 19:00.
What time is the check-out at Lovell Lodge?
The check-out time is 8:00 am to 10:30 am.
Are children permitted at Lovell Lodge?
Children are welcome with a registering adult at Lovell Lodge.
Is there a designated smoking area at Lovell Lodge?
There is no designated smoking area at Lovell Lodge.
Are extra bed available?
Extra beds are not available at Lovell Lodge.
Which credit cards do you accept?
Lovell Lodge accepts visa, Mastercard, Maestro, Sold and Switch.
Is there a fee for pets at Lovell Lodge?
There is no extra fee for pets to stay.
What is the deposit for security?
A 50% non-refundable deposit is required.
Does this site have designated smoking area?
Smoking is not allowed
Is your front desk available 24 hours?
The front desk is not 24 hours here.
Do you have any complementary breakfast options?
Lovel Lodge provides guests with a continental, vegetarian, vegan, glutten-free, full English or Irish buffet, breakfast with no additional fee.
Do you switch out towels daily?
Daily housekeeping service is not provided at Lovell Lodge.
Does Lovell Lodge offer dry cleaning service?
No, Lovell Lodge does not provide dry cleaning service.
What languages are spoken at Lovell Lodge?
The following languages of Greek, English, and Romanian are spoken at Lovell Lodge.
Do you have room service?
Room service is not provided by Lovell Lodge.
Can you pick us up at the airport?
There is no shuttle service at Lovell Lodge.
Can I stay with my pet?
Yes, Lovell Lodge is a pet friendly hotel.
What is served for breakfast?
For breakfast, there are bacon and eggs, along with coffee and tea.
What is the charge for WiFi?
WiFi is free at Rosa's Bed and Breakfast.
What time is check-in at your location?
Check-in starts at 5pm.
What payment methods are accepted here?
Visa, Maestro, and Switch are accepted at Rosa's Bed and Breakfast.
Is smoking allowed anywhere?
You may not smoke at Rosa's Bed and Breakfast.
Can I bring my pet with me?
Pet's are not allowed.
Do you have complimentary breakfast served?
Free English breakfast is served.
How can I park my car there?
We have free self parking, free nearby parking and limited parking spaces.
What time is checkout?
10:30 is the check out time.
Can I request an extra bed?
No extra beds are available.
Is there parking available?
You can park your car at Rosa's Bed and Breakfast.
Do I have to reserve my parking spot?
You do not need to make a reservation for parking in advance at Rosa's Bed and Breakfast.
Do you have free wifi?
Free WiFi is available at Rosa's Bed and Breakfast.
What languages are spoken at the hotel?
English and Italian are spoken.
Do you allow children of all ages at your bed and breakfast?
Children are not allowed at Rosa's Bed and Breakfast.
Can I bring my dog to Rosa's Bed and Breakfast?
You cannot stay with your pets at Rosa's Bed and Breakfast.
Does Rosa's Bed and Breakfast offer daily housekeeping service?
No, Rosa's Bed and Breakfast does not offer daily housekeeping service.
Do you provide any dry cleaning services?
Rosa's Bed and Breakfast does not provide dry cleaning service.
Does this site offer daily housekeeping service?
There is no room service available at ROSA'S BED AND BREAKFAST.
Is there shuttle service at Rosa's Bed and Breakfast?
Rosa's Bed and Breakfast does not provide any shuttle service.
Are there any rooms at Rosa's Bed and Breakfast which are accessible for disabilities?
There are no rooms at Rosa's bed and breakfast that are accessible for disabilities.
Do you offer any accessible parking space?
Rosa's Bed and Breakfast does not offer accessible parking.
Is there a concierge here?
There is no concierge at Rosa's BnB
Is there any fitness gym on site?
No, Rosa's Bed and Breakfast does not have a fitness center or gym onsite.
Will I be able to do some cooking when I stay here?
No kitchen is available here.
What are the available facilities at Rosa's Bed and Breakfast?
ROSA'S BED AND BREAKFAST has only iron facilities.
Is there a lift there?
Lift is not available at ROSA"S BED AND BREAKFAST.
Are there luggage storage service?
No Rosa's Bed and Breakfast doesn't provide any luggage storage service.
Does this site have facility to hold banquet or meeting?
Rosa's Bed and Breakfast does not have any meeting or banquet facilities.
What is the cost of parking at the site?
Free parking is available here.
Does Rosas Bed and Breakfast have a swimming pool?
There is not a pool at Rosa's Bed and Breakfast.
Is there a restaurant on site at Rosa's Bed and Breakfast?
There is no restaurant on site.
Does Rosa's Bed and Breakfast provide safety deposit boxes?
There are no safety deposit boxes provided.
Is there an onsite spa at Rosa's Bed and Breakfast?
Rosa's Bed and Breakfast does not have an onsite spa.
Is there a minimum age required to check in at Rosa's Bed and Breakfast?
You must be at least 18 years old to check in
Does this site have designated smoking area?
Rosa's does not have a designated smoking area.
What is deposit for security cost?
A 50% non-refundable deposit is required to stay here.
Is your front desk open 24 hours?
The front desk of ROSA'S BED AND BREAKFAST is not open for 24 hours.
Do I need a reservation to park?
No, you don't need a reservation for parking.
Are there meeting and banquet rooms?
Yes, there are meeting and banquet facilities available at the Cambridge Belfry.
How much does it cost to park?
The parking is free at The Cambridge Belfry
Does the Cambridge Belfry have laundry services?
Laundry services are available.
Where can I smoke in the hotel?
There is an area where smokers can go and smoke.
Are there any additional charges to stay with my pet?
There will be 20 GBP/night to stay with your pet.
Do you offer dry cleaning services to your guests?
There is dry cleaning available at The Cambridge Belfry, but it costs an extra fee.
What payment options are accepted?
The Cambridge Belfry accepts American Express, Visa, MasterCard, and Maestro Card.
Does the hotel offer room service?
Yes, each room has 24 hour room service available.
Is there a free breakfast at the Cambridge Belfry?
There is a free continental breakfast, as well as paid options, at the Cambridge Belfry.
Where can I find free parking?
Free parking is available onsite at the Cambridge Belfry.
Are children allowed at the Cambridge Belfry?
You may stay with children at the Cambridge Belfry.
What type of breakfast is served at your location?
The breakfasts served at The Cambridge Belfry are continental, vegetarian, English/Irish and gluten free.
Is there a lift at The Cambridge Belfry?
The Cambridge Belfry has a lift.
Is parking available?
Yes, free parking is available.
Is there accessible parking available?
Yes, there is accessible parking.
What time can I check in?
Check in time is 3:00 pm (15:00).
Is Cambridge Belfry handicap accessible?
The Cambridge Belfry has rooms with disability access.
What time is check-out there?
The Cambridge Belfry check-out time is until 11:00 am.
Can I bring my dog with me to your location?
Pets are allowed by request. There may be an extra fee.
Is there a restaurant located within the hotel?
There is a restaurant and a bar at the Cambridge Belfry.
Can my child complete check in alone?
Guests must be at least 18 to check in.
Can I get an extra bed in my room?
You cannot ask for an extra bed at the Cambridge Belfry.
Is the WiFi an extra charge at your location?
Wifi at The Cambridge Belfry is free.
Is there a spa available?
The Cambridge Belfry has a spa onsite.
Is there an area for luggage storage?
There is a place to store luggage at The Cambridge Belfry.
Does Cambridge Belfry offer housekeeping?
The Cambridge Belfry provides daily housekeeping for free.
Is there a gym at your location?
There is a gym at the Cambridge Belfry.
Does the Cambridge Belfry have a pool?
There are several pools at this property.
What are the front desk hours?
The front desk at the Cambridge Belfry is open for 24 hours.
Is Wifi available?
There is wifi available at The Cambridge Belfry and it is free.
Do you have a concierge service?
No, there is no concierge service available at The Cambridge Belfry.
Is there a coffee/tea maker available for guests?
Only a coffee/tea maker are available for guests at The Cambridge Belfry.
Do you provide safety deposit boxes here?
Sorry, there are no safety deposit boxes available at The Cambridge Belfry.
Do you require a security deposit?
A 50% non-refundable security deposit is required to stay at The Cambridge Belfry.
Is there any smoking areas at The Cambridge Belfry?
The Cambridge Belfry is not smoking friendly.
What languages do the staff speak here?
They speak Greek, English and Polish at The Cambridge Belfry.
Do you provide a shuttle service?
Shuttle service is not provided at THE CAMBRIDGE BELFRY.
Do you have room service for your guests?
Yes, the Lensfield Hotel provides room services.
Is there WiFi available?
Yes, free wifi is available at The Lensfield Hotel.
Is there any fee to use WiFi?
Wifi is free at the Lensfield Hotel.
Does your hotel have a laundry room for guests?
The Lensfield Hotel has laundry facilities.
What time would I need to check out?
Check-out time at the Lensfield Hotel is between 7 am and 11:30 am.
Can I bring my dog?
Pets are not allowed at the Lensfield Hotel.
what is on the breakfast menu?
Continental or full English/Irish breakfast.
Is housekeeping available every day?
There is daily housekeeping at the Lensfield Hotel.
Are dry cleaning services offered at your location?
Dry cleaning is available for an additional charge at the Lensfield Hotel.
What are the parking options available at your hotel?
Limited parking is available on the street in front of the Lensfield Hotel.
Can I park onsite at the Lensfield Hotel
There is street parking at The Lensfield Hotel.
How can I pay my bill after my stay?
The Lensfield Hotel accepts Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Maestro and Solo.
Are reservations needed for parking at your hotel?
The parking at The Lensfield Hotel is street parking so there are no reservations.
Is there a gym available at your location?
Yes, fitness center and gym are available onsite.
Is breakfast offered at your hotel?
The Lensfield Hotel have continental breakfast for free.
What languages are spoken at this location?
The languages spoken at The Lensfield Hotel are; German, Greek, English, Spanish, French, Hungarian, Italian, Latvian, Polish, and Russian.
Can we have extra beds put into the room?
No extra bed is available at the Lensfield Hotel.
Are children welcome at your hotel?
Children of any age are welcome at The Lensfield Hotel.
What time can I check in at The Lensfield Hotel?
Check-in at the Lensfield Hotel is between 2 pm and 11 pm.
Is there any spas nearby your location?
The Lensfield Hotel offers a spa and wellness center onsite.
Are there facility for people with disability?
The Lensfield Hotel does not have any rooms with disability access.
Do you offer accessible parking?
No, the Lensfield Hotel does not have any accessible parking.
Is there any concierge service provided by the Lensfield Hotel?
We don't provide any concierge service here.
Is there a kitchen available at The Lensfield Hotel?
THE LENSFIELD HOTEL has a shared kitchen available for its guests.
Is there a lift at the Lensfield Hotel?
There is no lift in the Lensfield Hotel.
Are there luggage storage service?
The Lensfield Hotel does not provide luggage storage.
Are there any meeting or banquet facilities at the Lensfield Hotel?
The Lensfield Hotel does not have any meeting or banquet facilities onsite.
Do you provide free parking?
Free parking is available here.
Do you have a swimming pool onsite?
There is not a swimming pool at The Lensfield Hotel.
Do you have a restaurant or bar onsite?
No, there is not a restaurant or bar onsite at The Lensfield Hotel.
Will there be a safety deposit box in my room?
No, The Lensfield Hotel doesn't have any safety deposit boxes.
What is the check in age at The Lensfield Hotel?
You must be at least 18 years old to check-in at The Lensfield Hotel.
Are there any designated smoking areas at the Lensfield Hotel?
There are no designated smoking areas at The Lensfield Hotel.
Is a deposit required at The Lensfield Hotel?
The Lensfield Hotel collects a 50% non-refundable deposit.
Is smoking allowed at The Lensfield Hotel?
Smoking is prohibited at THE LENSFIELD HOTEL.
Is front desk service available for 24 hours?
No, The Lensfield Hotel does not have 24-hour front desk service.
Does this site offer any airport shuttle service?
Shuttle service is not provided by The Lensfield Hotel.
What languages are spoken at the hotel?
English, Spanish and Italian are spoken at University Arms Hotel.
Do you have concierge services available?
Yes, University Arms Hotel provides concierge services.
Is there a lift available for wheelchairs?
The University Arms Hotel does have a lift.
Do you provide daily housekeeping?
Yes, we do have daily housekeeping services.
What is the parking situation there like?
Parking spaces are extremely limited, and are first come first serve.
Can I get my clothes dry cleaned?
There is dry cleaning at University Arms Hotel but for an extra cost.
Can you tell me what kind of credit cards that you accept?
University Arms Hotel accepts American Express, Visa, and MasterCard.
Is there a place I can park my car there?
There are limited spaces for parking at University Arms Hotel.
Is room service offered at your hotel?
The University Arms Hotel offers room service.
Is there internet service?
WiFi is available at the University Arms Hotel.
How much does the wifi cost?
The wifi is free to use.
What is your check in time?
Check in is after 3:00pm
Can I bring my dog?
Pets are not allowed at the University Arms Hotel.
Are children allowed at your location.
Yes, children may stay here.
Is there a meeting room and banquet hall at your location?
University Arms Hotel has meeting/banquet facilities available for an additional charge.
Is there a bar or restaurant onsite?
There are both a restaurant and a bar at the hotel.
What breakfast meal options are available?
The University Arms Hotel offers continental, Full English/Irish, vegetarian, vegan, and buffet for breakfast options.
What time is check out?
Checkout time is until 12:00 PM.
Does University Arms Hotel have luggage storage?
University Arms Hotel has luggage storage service.
Is the front desk of University Arms Hotel always open?
Yes, the front desk is always open.
Is there a gym at your hotel?
There is a gym at University Arms Hotel.
Do you have safety boxes available for use during my stay?
There are safety deposit boxes in rooms.
Is free breakfast served for guests?
The University Arms Hotel does not provide a free breakfast.
Can I request extra beds when I check in?
Yes, you can ask for extra beds at the University Arms Hotel.
Are there facility for people with disability?
University Arms Hotel does not have rooms with disability access.
What sort of accessible parking is available?
The University Arms Hotel does not offer accessible parking.
Is there any kitchen facility?
The only kitchen facility available to guests at the University Arms hotel is a coffee/tea maker.
Does this site offer any laundry services?
The University Arms Hotel does offer laundry facilities, but no ironing facilities.
What is the cost of parking here?
There is a 17 GBP parking fee at the University Arms Hotel.
Are parking reservations required at University Arms Hotel?
A parking reservation is not required at University Arms Hotel.
Do you have an onsite swimming pool?
There is no swimming pool onsite at University Arms Hotel.
Is there a spa on site?
The University Arms Hotel does not have a spa.
What is the minimum age of entry to check in at the hotel?
The age restriction to check-in at UNIVERSITY ARMS HOTEL is at least 18 years old.
Does this site have designated smoking area?
No, this is a completely smoke-free hotel.
Can I bring my dog when I stay here?
Pets are not allowed at the University Arms Hotel.
How much is the security deposit to stay at the site?
Yes, it will cost GBP 50 per night.
Is smoking allowed at University Arms Hotel?
Smoking is not allowed at University Arms Hotel.
Does University Arms Hotel provide a shuttle service?
University Arms Hotel does not provide shuttle service.
What breakfast options are offered?
Continental and buffet options are available for breakfast at Warkworth House.
Is breakfast available?
Yes, Warkworth House provides free breakfast.
Can I smoke here?
No, this is a non-smoking hotel.
Are there washers/dryers for personal use?
There are no laundry facility at the Warkworth House, but there is an iron in your room.
Is WiFi available at Warkworth House?
There is wifi at Warkworth House.
Is free wifi available?
Warkworth House offers free WiFi.
What languages are spoken at Warkworth House?
English is the only spoken language at the Warkworth House.
Are there Elevator available at the site?
Warkworth House does have lift.
Is there a luggage storage service at Warkworth House?
Warkworth House does not provide any luggage storage service.
Will there be meeting or banquet hall for guest use?
Warkworth House does not have any meeting or banquet facilities.
What type of parking is available?
Only street parking is available at Warkworth house.
Is there free street parking available at Warkworth House?
Free street parking is available at Warkworth House.
Do I need to make a reservation to park my car here?
No parking reservation is required at Warkworth House.
Is there a swimming pool available at Warkworth House?
Warkeworth house does not have a swimming pool.
Do you have an onsite restaurant or bar?
There is no restaurant or bar onsite at the Warkworth House.
Do you offer a safety deposit box in your rooms?
Warkworth House does not offer a safety deposit box.
Is there an onsite spa at Warkworth House?
There is no spa onsite at Warkworth House.
Do you have a minimum age for check-in?
Guests must be at least 18 years old to check-in at Warkworth House.
how early can we check in?
Warkworth house allows check in after 3:00pm.
When is the checkout time at the Warkworth House?
Checkout at Warkworth House is between the hours of 7:30 and 10:00 am.
Are children permitted to stay at the Warkworth House?
Children are not allowed to stay at Warkworth House.
Does this site have designated smoking area?
Sorry, there is no smoking allowed in the entire property.
Can I get extra beds at Warkworth House?
WARKWORTH HOUSE do not offer extra beds.
What types of payment are taken at Warkworth House?
Warkworth House accepts payment by American Express, Visa, Mastercard, Diners Club, JCB, Maestro and Sold.
Can my dog stay with me?
Pets are not allowed at Warkworth House.
Is there a non-refundable deposit required at the Warkworth House?
A 50% non-refundable deposit is required here.
Is front desk service available for 24 hours?
No, the front desk is not open for 24 hours at Warkworth House.
Do you have housekeeping service or do I have to clean it myself?
Daily housekeeping service is not provided by WARKWORTH HOUSE.
Is dry cleaning offered at Warkworth House?
Dry cleaning service is not available at WARKWORTH HOUSE
Does this site offer daily housekeeping service?
Warkworth House does not offer room service.
Does Warkworth House offer any shuttle service?
Warkworth House does not offer any shuttle service.
Are there facility for people with disability?
Unfortunately, Warkworth House doen't have disability access.
Are accessible parking available at the site?
Warkworth House does not have accessible parking.
Does this site offer concierge service?
There is no concierge service at WARKWORTH HOUSE.
Are there any fitness center or gym available on site?
There is no fitness center or gym available at Warkworth House.
Are there any kitchen service at the site?
Warkworth House offers a kitchen service but it is microwave only.
Is parking free at this location?
There is free parking at the Worth House.
Is there a place for smokers at your location?
Yes, there is a designated smoking area at Worth House.
What time is check-in there?
Check-in time is at 3:30pm.
Is there a way to store my luggage here?
Yes, Worth House has luggage storage services.
What languages are spoken there?
English and Italian are spoken at Worth House.
Do you have options for breakfast?
There are no breakfast options, except for fruit at an additional charge.
Can you add an extra bed for my child?
There is no room for extra beds at Worth House.
what time do I check out?
Check-out time at Worth House is until 10:00am.
Do you allow pets?
Pets are not permitted.
Are there any rooms available for smoking?
All rooms are non-smoking, but they have a designated smoking area on site.
What are the parking options for your guests?
There is free accessible parking, street parking, and secured parking at the Worth House.
What payment options are accepted?
American Express, Mastercard and Visa are accepted.
Is there WiFi available?
The Worth House has free WiFi.
Is there any age restriction to check-in at the hotel?
There is no age restriction to check-in at Worth House.
Do I have to pay for WiFi?
The wifi is free at Worth House.
Are children allowed to stay here?
Children 6 and above are welcome.
Does the Worth House offer a free breakfast?
Worth house has no free breakfast.
Is there housekeeping services?
It has daily housekeeping service.
Is parking free at the Worth House?
Parking is free at the Worth House.
Do I need a parking reservation for Worth House?
No reservation is needed for parking.
Can I bring my pet to this location?
Pets are not allowed at the Worth House.
Does Worth House have disability access?
Worth House does not offer any room with disability access.
Do you provide accessible parking at your property?
There is accessible parking at the Worth House.
Do you have a concierge service?
There is no concierge service at Worth House.
Are there any fitness center or gym?
The Worth House does not have a fitness center or gym onsite.
Do you have any cooking facility available for use?
Only the coffee and tea maker are available for guests at Worth House.
Do you have any laundry or iron facilities?
There are no laundry or iron facilities at the Worth House.
Are there Elevator available at the site?
No lift is available at Worth House.
Are there meeting or banquet facilities at Worth House?
Worth House has no meeting or banquet facilities.
Does this site have swimming pool at the site?
No, Worth House does not have a swimming pool onsite.
Are there any restaurant or bar available?
No, there is no restaurant or bar onsite at Worth House.
Are there safety deposit boxes at Worth House?
There are no safety deposit boxes at Worth House.
Is there an onsite spa at Worth House?
There is no spa onsite at Worth House
What is the security deposit required at Worth House?
A security deposit of GBP 20 per stay is required for staying at WORTH HOUSE.
Is your front desk open 24 hours?
The front desk doesn't open for 24 hours here.
Do you provide any dry cleaning services?
WORTH HOUSE does not provide dry cleaning service.
Is room service offered at Worth House?
Room service is not provided at the Worth House.
Does this site offer any airport shuttle service?
Shuttle service is not provided here.
Are pets allowed on site?
Pets are not allowed at Adelaide Hostel.
Are the rooms cleaned daily?
The Adelaide Hostel provides daily housekeeping service.
Are there heating on the rooms?
Rooms at Adelaide Hostel are heated.
Are there luggage storage service?
Luggage storage is available.
Do I need reservation to park at the site?
A reservation for parking is not needed at the Adelaide Hostel
Do you have dry cleaning?
Yes, Adelaide Hostel provides dry cleaning service with additional charges.
Do you have to pay for Wifi at Adelaide Hostel?
Wifi is free at Adelaide Hostel.
Do you offer a continental breakfast?
Daily continental breakfast is provided at Adelaide Hostel.
Does the Adelaide Hostel have a shuttle that goes to the airport?
Yes, they provide a shuttle to the airport.
Does this site have facility to hold banquet or meeting?
Meeting or banquet facilities are not available Adelaid Hostel.
How many room option for people to check in?
The Adelaide Hostel has room options for one to four people.
I was wondering if you offer both smoking and non smoking rooms?
non-smoking rooms
Is Adelaide Hostel offer free WiFi?
WiFi at the Adelaide Hostel is free
Is there 24-hour front desk service at Adelaide Hostel?
The Adelaide Hostel's front desk is open 24 hours.
Is there a restaurant?
No, but they do have a snack bar.
Is there free or public parking?
Public parking is available at a location nearby and charges apply.
Is there onsite parking?
There is no onsite parking at the Adelaide Hostel, parking has to be offsite.
Is there somewhere for me to heat my food?
Shared kitchens are available at the Adelaide Hostel.
What is the check in time at the hotel?
Check-in is available starting at 2:00 pm.
What languages are spoken at the hotel?
English and Spanish are spoken at the Adelaide Hostel
When is check-out time at Adelaide Hostel?
Check-out time is 10:00 AM.
Which cards do you accept?
Adelaide Hostel accepts visa, master card and american express credit cards.
Do you have an elevator?
The Admiral Hotel offers a lift/elevator for their guest's convenience.
Does Admiral Hotel have a designated smoke free area?
No, the Admiral Hotel is a smoke-free property
Does Admiral Hotel have swimming pool onsite?
The Admiral Hotel does not have pool access.
Does Admiral Hotel have the provision for extra beds?
No, they do not provide extra beds.
Does Admiral Hotel provide dry cleaning service?
The Admiral Hotel does not offer any laundry services.
Does the Admiral Hotel have heating in their rooms.
Yes, there is heating available.
Does the Admiral Hotel have meeting or banquet facilities?
The Admiral Hotel does not have meeting or banquet facilities
Hi, could you let me know if pets can stay theree?
Pets are not allowed to stay.
How much does WiFi at Admiral Hotel cost?
free wifi is available at Admiral Hotel
How much does it cost for parking at Admiral Hotel?
There is no fee to park at the Admiral Hotel.
How much to get onto your wireless?
free wifi is available at Admiral Hotel
Is there airport drop off service?
They have an airport dropoff for an additional charge.
Is there parking at the Admiral Hotel?
Parking is available at Street for Admiral Hotel's customers.
Is your front desk open all day?
Yes, the front desk at this hotel is open 24 hours.
What breakfast options are available at Admiral Hotel?
There are no breakfast options available at the Admiral Hotel.
What is the check out time at this location?
The check-out time at the Admiral Hotel is 11:00AM.
What languages are spoken?
They speak English and Hindi at this hotel.
What time is check-in at Admiral Hotel?
Check-in is from 3 pm.
What type of payment method do you accept?
The Admiral Hotel accepts the following cards: American Express, VISA, MasterCard, Diners Club, JCB and Discover.
how often are the rooms cleaned?
daily housekeeping is provided at Admiral Hotel
is luggage storage available at Admiral Hotel?
luggage storage is available at Admiral Hotel
Can I come in really late?
The Aida Plaza Hotel has a 24 hour front desk.
Do the rooms have heating in them?
Yes, their rooms do provide heating.
Do you have a lift?
Yes. Aida Plaza Hotel have lift.
Does Aida Plaza Hotel provide any concierge service?
No, Aida Plaza Hotel does not offer concierge service.
Hi, I'd just like to find out if pets are allowed there.
Pets are not allowed at this hotel.
How late can I push back check out?
WiFi is available in public areas and is free of charge at Aida Plaza Hotel.
Is WiFi free at Aida Plaza Hotel?
There is free WiFi at the Aida Plaza Hotel.
Is it possible to get extra beds?
The Aida Plaza Hotel doesn't offer extra beds.
Is smoking allowed at this hotel?
Smoking is not allowed at Aida Plaza Hotel.
What age is required for check-in?
Yes, the minimum age for check-in is 18.
What breakfast options are available at Aida Plaza Hotel?
There are no breakfast options at Aida Plaza Hotel.
What credit cards are accepted?
The Aida Plaza Hotel accepts American Express, Visa, Master Card, and Discover credit cards.
What is the check in time at the hotel?
The check in times are from 1pm-12am at the Aida Plaza Hotel
What time is check out?
English, Spanish and Filipino are the three languages spoken at the Aida Plaza Hotel.
What time is check-out at Aida Plaza Hotel?
Check-out time is 11:00am.
What type of parking is available?
No, there is no parking available.
Are extra beds available?
The Alpha Inn and Suites does not offer extra beds
Are housekeeping services available?
Yes, there is daily housekeeping service at the Alpha Inn and Suites.
Are the rooms at the Alpha Inn and Suites heated?
The rooms at Alpha Inn and Suites are heated.
Do I need reservation to park at this site?
No, they do not currently require advance reservation.
Do you have air-conditioning?
The rooms are air-conditioned at the Alpha Inn and Suites.
Do you have rooms with disability access?
Alpha Inn and Suites has rooms with disability ammenities.
Does Alpha Inn and Suites have a designated smoking area?
Yes there is a designated smoking area.
Does Alpha Inn and Suites have fitness center or gym onsite?
No fitness center or gym is located onsite at Alpha Inn and Suites.
Does the front desk at Alpha Inn and Suites open for 24 hours?
The frontdesk is not open for 24 hours at the Alpha Inn and Suites.
Does this site require initial deposit?
Yes, a $300 deposit is required when you check in.
How late are we able to stay at Alpha Inn and Suites?
The check-out time at Alpha Inn and Suites is 11:00AM.
How much do you charge for wifi?
The WiFi is free at this hotel.
I have a cat and want to know if pets are allowed?
Pets are not allowed at the Alpha Inn and Suites.
Is there any kitchen available for guests at Alpha Inn and Suites?
Alpha Inn and Suites does not have any kitchens available for guests.
Is there free WiFi service available at Alpha Inn and Suites?
Free WiFi is available.
Is there free parking at the Alpha Inn and Suites?
Yes, this hotel offers free parking onsite.
Is there free parking available at this hotel?
Free parking is available at our hotel
What are the types of payment methods accepted at Alpha Inn and Suites?
Most major credit cards are accepted at Alpha Inn and Suites.
What is the check-in time?
The check-in time at Alpha Inn and Suites is between 3:00PM - 10:00PM.
What languages does the hotel speak?
Alpha Inn Suites speaks English and Hindi.
Yes, is there free parking there?
Yes, Alpha Inn and Suites has free accessible parking.
Are pets allowed there?
No there isn't as pets are not allowed.
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Wifi at Americania Hotel is free.
Are there dry cleaning service offered?
The Americania Hotel offers dry cleaning service for an additional charge.
Are there elevators available at Americania Hotel?
Yes, elevators are available at Americania Hotel.
Can I request an extra cot?
The Americania Hotel does not offer extra beds.
Can you tell me if the rooms are heated?
Yes there is heating.
Do you have a gym?
Yes, an onsite fitness center is available for guests.
Do you offer daily housekeeping?
Yes, complimentary daily housekeeping is included with your reservation.
Does Americania Hotel have any room with disability access?
No, Americana Hotel does not currently have a room available with disability access.
Does Americania Hotel have banquet facilities?
The Americania Hotel does offer banquet facilities.
Does this Hotel have any swimming pool?
Yes, the Americania Hotel has one onsite swimming pool.
Does this hotel accept credit cards for payment?
Credit cards are accepted. No mention of debit cards are listed.
Hi, can you tell me if you have smoking rooms?
No Americania Hotel is non-smoking.
How much does parking cost at Americania Hotel?
Parking at AMericania Hotel costs USD 55 per day.
Is parking available and can i make reservations?
They have private parking on site for $55 per day but do not take reservations for parking.
Is there parking available for cars at the Americania Hotel?
Private Parking is available on site at the Americania Hotel
Is your front desk 24 hours or do I have to call at a certain time?
Yes, the front desk at Americania Hotel is open 24 hours.
What are your charges for wifi usage?
WiFi is available in all areas for a cost of USD 17.47 per 24 hours at Americania Hotel.
What is the cost of parking at the site?
Private parking is available on-site for $55.00 per day.
What is your check-out time?
Check out time is 12:00PM at Americania Hotel.
What lanuage is spoken at the Americania Hotel?
English, Spanish, Hindi, Mongolian, Filipino, and Chinese are spoken at this hotel.
What time is check-in?
The check-in time is 3:00pm at the Americania Hotel.
What type of store is available at the onsite?
There is an onsite coffee shop, bar and restaurant at the Americania Hotel.
Would you be able to hold my luggage until I get there?
Yes, luggage storage is available for free at Americania Hotel.
Are there any WiFi at the site?
WIFI IS FREE AT AMSTERDAM HOSTEL.
Are there luggage storage service?
Luggage storage is available at Amsterdam Hostel.
Can you tell me if the Amsterdam Hostel charges to park there?
The cost of parking is not listed for the Amsterdam Hostel.
Do I need to reverse a parking spot?
Advanced reservation is not required for parking at Amsterdam Hostel.
Do you have heat in your rooms?
Heated rooms are available at the Amsterdam Hostel
Do you have meeting rooms there?
Amsterdam Hostel does not offer any meeting or banquet facilities.
Do you offer laundry and dry cleaning at your hotel?
A laundry service is available although dry cleaning is not.
Does Amsterdam Hostel offer extra beds?
No, this property does not offer extra beds.
Does the hotel have a parking area?
Parking is available nearby but not at Amsterdam Hostel.
Does this site offer daily housekeeping service?
Daily housekeeping is provided.
Does this site offer shared kitchen availability?
A shared kitchen is offered to guests at Amsterdam Hostel.
How much to get onto your wireless?
There is free WiFi in all areas at the Amsterdam Hostel.
How old do you have to be to get a room there?
You must be at least 18 years of age to check-in.
Is a restaurant or bar in the hotel?
Amsterdam Hotel does not have a restaurant or bar.
Is smoking allowed at your hotel?
No smoking is allowed at Amsterdam Hostel.
Is the front desk always manned?
The front desk at Amsterdam Hotel is open for 24 hours.
Is the hostel pet friendly?
Pets are not allowed at the Amsterdam Hostel
Is there transportation to and from the airport?
Airport shuttle
What is the check-out time at the Amsterdam Hostel?
The check-out time at the Amsterdam Hostel is 10:00AM.
What payment options are accepted at this location?
This hotel accepts Visa, American Express, Mastercard, and Discover.
When does check-in time start at Amsterdam Hostel?
The check-in time starts at 3:00pm.
Am I able to park my vehicle at the hotel?
Parking is not available onsite, but there is private parking nearby.
Are extra bed available?
The Andrews Hotel does not offer extra beds.
Are housekeeping services available at Andrews Hotel?
There is daily housekeeping service at the Andrews Hotel.
Are there Elevator available at the site?
Yes, elevators are available at Andrews Hotel.
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Wifi is free at Andrews hotel.
Can you accommodate people with disabilities?
The Andrews Hotel does have disabled access rooms and areas
Do you allow pets in the rooms?
Pets are not allowed
Do you have bilingual staff?
English and Spanish are spoken at the Andrews Hotel.
Do you require a damage deposit from your guests?
Yes, $500 damage deposit is required on arrival.
Do you serve breakfast?
Continental breakfast is available at the Andrews Hotel
Do your rooms have heat in them?
Yes, rooms at Andrews Hotel are heated.
Does Andrews Hotel provide any shuttle service?
Andrews Hotel does not provide shuttle service.
Is a reservation needed for parking at Andrews Hotel?
Reservation is not needed for parking at Andrews Hotel.
Is concierge service provided at Andrews Hotel?
Concierge service is provided at Andrews Hotel.
Is room service available at Andrews Hotel?
The Andrews Hotel does offer room service.
Is smoking allowed at the Andrews Hotel?
There is no smoking allowed at the Andrews Hotel.
Is there any charge for using WiFi at your hotel?
WiFi is available free of charge in all areas at Andrews Hotel, San Francisco.
What dining options are there at the Andrews Hotel?
A restaurant and bar are available at Andrews Hotel.
What forms of credit cards are accepted?
The Andrews Hotel accepts, American Express, MasterCard and Visa.
What is the check-in time at the Andrews Hotel?
The check in time at the Andrews Hotel is 3:00 pm
What is the cost of parking at the site?
Private parking costs US $54 per day and is available at a nearby location at Andrews Hotel.
What is the minimum age of entry?
Guests must be 18 or older to check-in at Andrews Hotel. But there's no age restriction in staying with adults.

When can I leave?
The check-out time is until 12:00 PM.
When is front desk service available?
The front desk is open for guest 24 hrs a day
Are the rooms at this location heated?
Yes, the rooms are heated.
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Yes, WiFi is available and it's free.
Are there any facilities there for gatherings?
Yes, meeting and banquet facilities are available for an additional charge at Argonaut Hotel, a Noble House Hotel.
Are there any restaurant on site available?
There is a restaurant and bar on site at the Argonaut Hotel, a Noble House Hotel
Are there extra beds available at this location?
extra beds are not available at Argonaut Hotel, a Noble House Hotel
Are there facility for people with disability?
It is not specified if there's a room with disability access but they say that there are facilities for disabled guests.
Do you have extra storage for excess baggage?
Baggage storage is available at Argonaut Hotel, a Noble House Hotel.
Does Argonaut Hotel have a lift?
Argonaut Hotel, a Noble House Hotel, does not have lift. They have elevators but not lift.
Does Argonaut Hotel, a Noble House Hotel have accessible parking?
Accessible parking is not available at the Argonaut Hotel.
Does the Argonaut Hotel have designated smoking areas?
No. Non-smoking property
Does your hotel offer Wi-Fi?
WiFi is free of charge to and is available in all areas.
How much is parking at Argonaut Hotel?
Private parking is available at the Argonaut Hotel for 75 per day.
How much is private parking?
On-Site private parking is available for $75 per day, at Argonaut Hotel, a Noble House Hotel.
Is dry cleaning available and is there a charge?
The Argonaut Hotel, a Noble House Hotel provides dry cleaning services for an additional charge.
Is smoking allowed in the hotel?
This is a smoke-free property.
Is the Argonaut Hotel pet-friendly?
Charges may apply if you bring your pet.
Is the front desk open 24 hours?
Yes, the front desk is open for 24 hours.
Is the hotel air-conditioned?
Air-conditioning is provided at the Argonaut Hotel, a Noble House Hotel.
Is there a concierge?
a concierge is available at Argonaut Hotel, a Noble House Hotel
Is there any kitchen available for guests at Argonaut Hotel, a Noble House Hotel?
There is no kitchen available for the guests at the Argonaut Hotel, a Noble House Hotel.
R?
Reservations are not required for parking.
What payment forms are accepted?
Various credit cards are accepted as payment. They include American Express, Visa, Mastercard, Discover and Diners Club International.
What time does checkin start?
Check-in time is 3:00pm
What time is check-out there?
Check-out time is at 12:00pm at Argonaut Hotel, a Noble House Hotel.
Will I be able to get room service at the hotel?
Room service is available at the Argonaut Hotel.
Are parking available?
Yes. There is parking.
Are pets allowed on site?
Yes, there may be charges applied.
Are the rooms individually heated and cooled?
All rooms at the Axiom Hotel have heating.
Are there any WiFi at the site?
WiFi is available free of charge in all areas at Axiom Hotel.
Are there daily housekeeping service available?
The Axiom Hotel provides a daily housekeeping service
Are there facility for people with disability?
Yes, Axiom Hotel has disability access rooms available.
Are there smoking area available?
No, rooms at Axiom hotel are non-smoking.
Can your hotel accommodate a business meeting?
Meeting and banquet facilities are available at the Axiom Hotel
Check in and checkout time is when?
The check-out time at the Axiom Hotel is 12:00PM.
Do they offer wifi?
WiFi is available free of charge in all areas at Axiom Hotel.
Do your rooms have AC?
Rooms at the Axiom Hotel are air conditioned
Does Axiom Hotel offer room service?
The Axiom Hotel offers room service.
Does Axiom Hotel provide any shuttle service?
The Axiom Hotel does not provide any shuttle services.
Does the Axiom Hotel have a fitness center?
There is a fitness center available at Axiom Hotel.
Does the Axiom Hotel provide concierge service?
The Axiom Hotel provides a concierge service
How much to reserve a parking space?
Parking costs $67.26 per day at the Axiom Hotel
How much to reserve a parking space?
The Axiom Hotel does not provide reservations for parking because it is not needed, as there are private parking nearby.
Is there an elevator on site?
Yes, there is a lift.
Is there dry cleaning at Axiom Hotel?
The Axiom Hotel provides dry cleaning services for an additional fee.
What are the operating hours of the front desk?
the front desk at Axiom Hotel is open 24 hours
What breakfast options are available at Axiom Hotel?
Axiom Hotel doesn't serve breakfast unfortunately.
What should I have with me when I check in?
The Axiom hotel requires a credit card and photo ID upon check-in. The Axiom accepts American Express, Visa, Mastercard, Diners Club, JCB and Discover cards.
What time can I check in at Axiom Hotel?
Check-in time is from 3 pm at the Axiom Hotel.
What type of on-site service offered on food?
Under listed amenities there is an on-site coffee shop and restaurant listed.
Where can I leave my bags for a while after checkout?
Yes, at the front desk baggage storage is available.
While staying at  Axiom Hotel can I get an extra bed?
Yes, you can ask for extra beds.  Depending on availability.
Are extra bed available?
Yes you can ask for extra beds.
Do Bay Bridge Inn San Francisco guests have to pay for Wi-Fi?
Bay Bridge Inn San Francisco offers WiFi in all areas for free.
Do the rooms have WiFi?
Yes, WiFi is available and free of charge at Bay Bridge Inn San Francisco
Do you have a 24-hour front desk?
Yes, there is a 24-hour front desk at this hotel.
Do you offer concierge services?
Yes there is concierge service.
Does Bay Bridge Inn San Francisco have a designated smoking area?
Bay Bridge Inn San Francisco is a smoke-free property with no designated smoking area.
Does Bay Bridge Inn San Francisco provide any shuttle service?
Bay Bridge Inn San Francisco does not offer shuttle service.
Does Bay Bridge Inn San Francisco provide dry cleaning service?
No, dry cleaning is not an available service at Bay Bridge Inn San Francisco.
Does a housekeeper come each day to clean the room?
Yes, daily housekeeping is available at Bay Bridge Inn San Francisco.
Does the hotel have room service?
Yes, it provides room service.
Hi, do you allow pets at this hotel?
Pets are not allowed at the Bay Bridge Inn San Francisco.
How much does parking cost?
Parking is free.
Is air conditioning available in the rooms?
All the rooms are air-conditioned.
Is there a limit to how many room I can book?
Yes, a single room.
Is there a need for parking at the Bay Bridge?
No reservation is needed for free parking at Bay Bridge Inn San Francisco.
Is there any security deposit required to stay at Bay Bridge Inn San Francisco?
Guests are not required to pay a security deposit at the Bay Bridge Inn San Francisco.
What are the parking options at Bay Bridge Inn San Francisco?
Free parking, Free Private Parking Available On Site
What is the minimum age of entry to check in at the hotel?
Yes, only adult's 18 and older are welcome to check in.
What languages are spoken at the Bay Bridge?
English, Spanish, and Portuguese are spoken at Bay Bridge Inn San Francisco.
What time can I get into my room?
The check-in time at this hotel is 3:00pm.
What time is check-out?
Check-out is  11 am.
What types of payment do you accept?
Payment methods includes American Express, Visa, Mastercard and/or Discover at the Bay Bridge Inn San Francisco.
Where do I park?
Accessible parking is available for free at Bay Bridge Inn San Francisco.
Are pets allowed on site?
Pets are allowed on request. Charges may apply.
Are pets allowed to stay with me?
The check-out time is at noon.
Are the rooms air conditioned?
Rooms at the BEI Hotel San Francisco are air conditioned
Can I get extra beds in a room that I reserve?
Extra beds can be provided for $20.00 per night at the BEI Hotel San Francisco, but the number of beds that can be requested depends on the room.
Do you have any sort of facilities for conventions?
The BEI Hotel San Francisco offers meeting/banquet facilities.
Do you have dry cleaing?
dry cleaning is available at BEI Hotel San Francisco
Does this site have restaurant service at site?
Yes there is a Restaurant and Bar at BEI Hotel San Francisco.
Does your hotel staff speak multiple languages?
There are 4 languages spoken at this hotel.
I get cold easily, is there heating available there?
There is heating at the BEI Hotel San Francisco.
Is there a fitness center located at the hotel?
The BEI Hotel San Franciso is listed as having a Fitness center.
Is there a place where I can smoke?
At BEI Hotel San Francisco, there is a designated smoking area.
Is there free WiFi at BEI Hotel San Francisco?
Yes, you'll find WiFi available through out our hotel and it's free.
What are the wifi options at BEI Hotel San Francisco?
Free WiFi is included with all rooms at the BEI Hotel San Francisco.
What hours would I be able to contact the desk check in area?
Yes, front desk is open for 24 hours at BEI Hotel San Francisco.
What is the check-in time at your hotel?
Check-in time is 3:00 p.m. at BEI Hotel San Francisco.
What is the name of the restaurant on the site?
Sum is the name of their on-site restaurant for breakfast and lunch.
What payment methods do you accept upon booking?
The payment methods available at the BEI Hotel San Francisco include American Express, Visa and Mastercard.
What type of parking is available?
The BEI Hotel San Francisco offers a parking garage and Secure Parking on site.
is there a lift?
Yes, BEI Hotel San Francisco has a lift.
Are extra bed available?
Extra beds are not available at Bel Air Hotel
Are pets allowed on site?
Pets are not allowed to stay at Bel Air Hotel.
Are there elevators in Bel Air Hotel?
The Bel Air Hotel does have elevators
Do I need to make reservation at Bel Air Hotel?
A reservation is required at the Bel Air Hotel.
Do they have a parking garage?
They have a parking garage.
Do you provide daily housekeeping?
Daily housekeeping service is provided at Bel Air Hotel.
Does Bel Air Hotel offer free WiFi?
Yes, there is free WiFi at the Bel Air Hotel.
Does Bel Air Hotel provide shuttle service?
THE BEL AIR HOTEL PROVIDES SHUTTLE SERVICE TO OAKLAND INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT, SAN FRANCISCO INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT AND MINETA SAN JOSE INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT.
Does the Bel Air Hotel have designated smoking areas?
Yes, Bel Air Hotel has a designated smoking area.
Does your hotel offer any dry cleaning services?
There is no dry cleaning at Bel Air Hotel
Hi, can you let me know if you have heat in the rooms?
The rooms are heated at Bel Air Hotel.
How much does parking cost?
No information about the cost of parking is available. Parking garage, street parking, and secure parking are all options.
Is the front desk open for questions round the clock?
Yes, the front desk is open for 24 hours at Bel Air Hotel.
Is there a minimum age to check-in?
Yes, the minimum age for checkin at Bel Air Hotel is a 18.
Is there wifi offered at the Bel Air Hotel?
Free Wifi is available at the Bel Air Hotel.
What credit cards do you take?
Visa and Mastercard are accepted at this hotel.
What languages do your staff speak?
English, Spanish, and Hindi are spoken at Bel Air Hotel
What time is check in please?
Check-in is 3 pm at the Bel Air Hotel.
When is the check out time?
The check-out time at the Bel Air Hotel is 10:00AM.
Are pets allowed on site?
Pets are not allowed at the Buena Vista Motor Inn.
Are the rooms air conditioned?
Yes the rooms are air conditioned
Are there any additional charges for car parking at the Buena Vista Motor Inn?
PARKING IS FREE AT THE BUENA VISTA MOTOR INN.
Are there other languages spoken?
The languages spoken at the Buena Vista Motor Inn include German and Russian.
Do you have WiFi?
There is free WiFi at the Buena Vista Motor Inn.
Do you have meeting and banquet rooms?
The Buena Vista Motor Inn does not have meeting or banquet facilities
Do you offer extra roll-away beds for children?
You can request extra beds at Buena Vista Motor Inn.
Does Buena Vista Motor Inn have facilities for guests with disabilities?
Buena Vista Motor Inn has facilities for disabled guests.
Does Buena Vista Motor Inn have housekeeping?
Daily housekeeping service is provided at Buena Vista Motor Inn.
Does Buena Vista Motor Inn offer luggage storage?
Yes, Buena Vista Motor Inn offers luggage storage.
Does a person have to pay for parking at this location?
No it's free parking.
Does your hotel offer dry cleaning services?
Dry cleaning is available at an additional charge.
Is an airport shuttle available at Buena Vista Motor Inn?
An airport shuttle is available at Buena Vista Motor Inn.
Is free WiFi available at Buena Vista Motor Inn?
Free WiFi is available to guests at Beuna Vista Motor Inn.
Is smoking permitted?
Yes, designated smoking areas are available at Buena Vista Motor Inn.
Is there a continental breakfast available at Buena Vista Motor Inn?
A continental breakfast with muffins, pastries, cereal and fruit is offered to the guests.
Is there an elevator?
An elevator is included at Buena Vista Motor Inn.
Is there temperature control in the rooms?
Rooms at Buena Vista Motor Inn have heating and air conditioning.
What are the hours of operation of Buena Visga Motor Inn?
The front desk at the Buena Vista Motor Inn is open 24 hours a day.
What are the parking options at the Buena Vista Motor Inn?
Free private parking is available on site.  No parking reservation is needed.
What credit card payment methods are accepted at this hotel?
American Express, Visa, Mastercard, and Discover card are available for payment methods at Buena Vista Motor Inn.
What type of parking is available?
Parking is available at Buena Vista Motor Inn.
When is check-in time at Buena Vista Motor Inn?
Check in time is 3:00pm
what is your checkout time?
Check-out time at Buena Vista Motor Inn is at 12:00pm.
Are extra bed available?
Unfortunately this hotel does not provide extra beds.
Are there Elevator available at the site?
Yes, Cable Car Hotel has an elevator.
Are there facilities for disabled guests at Cable Car Hotel?
The Cable Car Hotel includes facilities for disabled guests.
Are there heating on the rooms?
The Cable Car Hotels rooms have heating.
Can I store my luggage on site?
Yes, they offer luggage storage.
Can my dog stay in the room?
The Cable Car Hotel does not allow pets.
Do you clean the rooms every day?
Yes, Cable Car Hotel provides daily housekeeping service.
Do you offer free wifi?
Yes, there is free WiFi at the Cable Car Hotel.
Does Cable Car Hotel have any designated smoking areas?
There are no designated smoking areas at the Cable Car Hotel.
Does Cable Car Hotel offer parking?
There is street parking at Cable Car Hotel.
Does the cable car hotel offer dry cleaning?
Dry Cleaning is not offered at the Cable Car Hotel.
Is there a deposit to be paid?
A damage deposit of US $150.00 is required.
Is there a fee for the WiFi?
free wifi is available at Cable Car Hotel
What forms of payment is accepted?
This hotel accepts American Express, MasterCard, and Visa credit cards.
What is the check-in time at Cable Car Hotel?
Check-in time is 2 pm to 12 am.
What is the minimum check-in age for Cable Car Hotel?
The minimum check-in age is 18.
What languages are available at the hotel?
Languages available at the Cable Car Hotel are English, Spanish and French
When does front desk service is available?
24-hour front desk service is available at the Cable Car Hotel.
Are extra bed available?
The Carriage Inn does not have extra beds available
Are the rooms air conditioned?
Yes, the rooms are air-conditioned.
Are there facility for people with disability?
Yes, facilities are available for disabled guests at Carriage Inn.
Are there heating on the rooms?
Yes, the rooms are heated.
Can I park my car at Carriage Inn?
Parking is available at the Carriage Inn and it is on site
Can I use my Visa to pay for the hotel?
The Carriage Inn accepts Visa, Mastercard, Discover and American Express.
Can my dog come stay with me?
There is no extra fee to stay with your pets at Carriage Inn because pets are not allowed.
Do you offer parking, and if so do I need to make reservations?
Private parking is available and as such, reservations are not needed in advance.
Hi, do you provide luggage storage?
Carriage Inn does provide luggage storage.
If I can't climb stairs, how can I get to my room on an upper floor?
The Carriage Inn does have elevators
Is the WiFi service offered at the Carriage Inn free?
WiFi at Carriage Inn is free.
Is there internet service?
Yes, there is wifi and it is free.
What is the cost of parking at the site?
Parking costs $45 per day at Carriage Inn.
What languages do your staff speak?
Arabic, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Mongolian, Thai, Filipino, and Chinese are spoken at Carriage Inn.
What time do I have to be out of my room when I check out?
Check-out time is 12:00 p.m. at Carriage Inn.
When is check-in time at Carriage Inn?
Check-in time is from 3:00 p.m.
When is the front desk open?
The front desk is open 24 hours at the Carriage Inn.
Where are the smoking areas?
Carriage Inn is a smoke-free property with no designated areas for smoking.
Are the rooms individually heated?
All rooms at this hotel are heated.
Are there extra beds available at Chancellor Hotel on Union Square?
Unfortunately, extra beds are not available here.
Do you have any pet-friendly rooms?
There are no pets allowed at Chancellor Hotel on Union Square.
Do you have dry cleaning?
Dry cleaning is offered at an additional charge at Chancellor Hotel on Union Square.
Do you have elevators?
The Chancellor Hotel on Union Square does have elevators
Do you offer baggage storage services?
luggage storage is available at Chancellor Hotel on Union Square
Does Chancellor Hotel on Union Square have a meeting area?
Chancellor Hotel on Union Square has meeting and banquet facilities offered at an extra charge.
Does Chancellor Hotel on Union Square have fitness center or gym onsite?
Chancellor Hotel on Union Square does not have a fitness center or gym onsite.
Does Chancellor Hotel on Union Square offer free WiFi?
Yes, there is free WiFi at the Chancellor Hotel on Union Square.
How much does onsite parking cost per day?
On site private parking is available for a cost of US $49 per day at Chancellor Hotel on Union Square.
How much to get onto your wireless?
All rooms at this hotel provide free WiFi.
Is it necessary to make reservations for parking at the Chancellor Hotel on Union Square?
Reservations are not required for parking at Chancellor Hotel on Union Square.
Is smoking allowed at the hotel?
No, the hotel is a smoke free environment.
Is there any bar at the site?
Yes, Clipper Ship Bar is onsite at this hotel.
Is your front desk staffed around the clock?
The front desk is open 24 hours.
What is the cost of parking at the site?
Parking is $49 a day at Chancellor Hotel on Union Square.
What lanuage does the staff speak at Chancellor Hotel on Union Square?
Greek, English and Spanish.
What time is checkin?
Check-in time is at 4:00pm.
When is the check out time?
The check-out time at Chancellor Hotel on Union Square is 11:00 a.m.
Would I be able to pay with a credit card?
Chancellor Hotel on Union Square accepts American Express, MasterCard, Visa and American Express.
Are pets allowed on site?
Pets are not allowed at this Bed and Breakfast.
Do you offer daily housekeeping ?
Yes, daily housekeeping is provided by this hotel.
Do you offer extra beds?
Extra beds are not available for guests.
Does Chateau Tivoli Bed and Breakfast have any smoking rooms?
No, Chateau Tivoli Bed and Breakfast is smoke free property .
How much is the WiFi at Chateau Tivoli Bed and Breakfast?
WiFi is free at Chateau Tivoli Bed and Breakfast.
Is parking available at Chateau Tivoli Bed and Breakfast?
There is no parking available at the Chateau Tivoli Bed and Breakfast.
What breakfast and brunch options are there at the Chateau Tivoli Bed and Breakfast?
The Chateau Tivoli Bed and Breakfast provides a continental breakfast on weekdays and a champagne brunch on weekends.
What is the charge for internet?
WiFi is free at Chateau Tivoli Bed and Breakfast.
What is the check in time for Chateau Tivoli?
Check-in is between 3:00 pm and 7:30 pm.
What time is checkout?
Check out time is at 11:00 am.
What type of payment method do you accept?
All major credit cards are accepted at chateau Tivoli Bed and Breakfast
Are pets allowed on site?
Pets are strictly not allowed at the Chelsea Inn.
Are the rooms heated there?
Rooms are heated at Chelsea Inn.
Are there facility for people with disability?
There are facilities available for guests with disabilities.
Can I get an extra bed?
The property doesn't offer extra beds, unfortunately, but extra beds are subject to availability.
Check in and checkout time is when?
Chelsea Inn check-out time is until 12:00 PM.
Do I need to make a reservation for parking in advance?
Parking spots are available on a first come, first served basis. No reservation is available now.
Do you all offer wifi?
WiFi is available for free throughout the Inn.
Do you have private parking?
Yes, we have private accessible free parking.
Does Chelsea Inn have a designated smoking area?
No, it's a smoke-free property.
Does Chelsea Inn provide any concierge service?
No, Chelsea Inn do not provide any concierge service.
Does Chelsea Inn provide any shuttle service?
Shuttle service is not provided by Chelsea Inn.
Does the Chelsea Inn have lift?
Chelsea Inn have lift.
Does the Inn require a refundable damage deposit?
There is a damage deposit of $150. Your security deposit will be refunded within 7 days after check-out if there is no damage to the property.
Does this site offer daily housekeeping service?
Yes, Chelsea Inn provides daily housekeeping.
Is parking available in the parking garage at this hotel?
Chelsea Inn has available parking in their parking garage.
Is there a cost for parking at the Chelsea Inn?
Parking is free at the Chelsea Inn.
Is there any age restriction to check-in at Chelsea Inn?
No, there is no age restriction to check-in at Chelsea Inn.
Is there any restaurant or bar onsite at Chelsea Inn?
The Chelsea Inn does not have any bars or restaurants onsite.
Is your hotel air conditioned?
Air conditioning is available in rooms at the Chelsea Inn.
What are the wifi options at Chelsea Inn?
There is free WiFi available in all areas at the Chelsea Inn.
What time can I check into your Inn?
Check-in time is from 4 pm at the Chelsea Inn.
What type of language is spoken at the hotel?
English, French, Korean, and Dutch are available at Chelsea Inn.
What type of payment methods are accepted at Chelsea Inn?
Credit cards and debit cards are accepted.
When is front desk service available?
CHelsea Inn has a 24 hour open front desk.
Are the rooms in the Inn heated.
The rooms in the Civic Center Inn are heated.
Are there any WiFi at the site?
WiFi is available at hotel rooms for free of charge at Civic Center Inn.
Are there luggage storage service?
The Civic Center Inn does offer baggage storage.
Are there smoking sections at this location?
The Civic Center Inn has non-smoking rooms but doesn't say if there are designated smoking areas
Do you all offer rollaway beds?
THE CIVIC CENTER INN DOES NOT OFFER EXTRA BEDS.
Do you charge for parking?
no because parking is free here.
Do you have an elevator?
The Civic Center Inn includes an elevator.
Do you have concierge service?
Yes, concierge service is available at Civic Center Inn.
Do you have shuttle service?
Shuttle service is available for the Civic Center Inn
How late is check out each morning?
Check-out is until 11 AM at Civic Center INn
How much is parking?
Parking is free at the Civic Center Inn.
How much to get onto your wireless?
WiFi is free at the inn.
I have a small dog and want to know if pets are allowed?
No, pets are not allowed at Civic Center Inn.
Is the front desk open late?
yes it's open for 24 hours.
What forms of payment are accepted?
The Civic Center Inn accepts Mastercard, Visa, Discover and Union Pay credit cards for payment.
What is the cost of parking at the site?
Yes, Civic Center Inn offers free parking.
What languages are spoken there?
The languages spoken at the Civic Center Inn include English, Spanish and Hindi.
What time is checkin?
Check-in time is 3:00 p.m. at Civic Center Inn.
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Wifi is offered at the Civic Center Motor Inn.
Do I need to make reservations to use the on-site private parking?
No, the on-site private parking is available with out a reservation, but does cost $11.40/day.
Do you all have a swimming pool?
The website lists 1 swimming pool under their most popular facilities.
Do you have a pet friendly room?
Pets are not allowed at the Civic Center Motor Inn.
Do you have parking and how much it costs?
Civic Center Motor Inn offers accessible parking at 11.40 USD per day.
Do you offer heating in your hotel rooms?
Heating is provided at the Civic Center Motor Inn.
Do you provide any sort of special access?
Facilities are available for guests that need access at Civic Center Motor Inn.
Do you require a security deposit?
The Civic Center Motor Inn will request a 100 USD refundable security deposit.
Does Civic Center Motor Inn have concierge service?
Yes, Civic Center Motor Inn has a concierge service.
Does Civic Center Motor Inn have fitness center or gym onsite?
There is no fitness center onsite.
Does the Civic Center Motor Inn have a smoking area?
Yes, there is a designated smoking area at the Civic Center Motor Inn.
Does this site have facility to hold banquet or meeting?
The Civc Center Motor Inn does not have meeting or banquet facilities.
Hi,  can you let me know if it is possible to get an extra bed?
Civic Center Motor Inn does not offer extra beds.
How much is for onsite parking?
Parking at the Civic Center Motor Inn costs $11.40 per day.
Is air-conditioning available for the rooms at Civic Center Motor Inn?
Civic Center Motor Inn has rooms that are air-conditioned
Is daily housekeeping service available?
Yes, daily housekeeping service is available at Civic Center Motor Inn.
Is secure parking provided?
secure parking is provided at the inn at USD 11.40per day
Is there a shuttle service?
Yes, the Civic Center Motor Inn provides shuttle service.
Is there free WiFi available at Civic Center Motor Inn?
The WiFi is free for guests at the Civic Motor Inn.
What are the hours for the front desk?
The front desk is open 24 hours at Civic Center Motor Inn.
What cards are accepted at the Motor Inn?
Civic Center Motor Inn accepts Discover, American Express, Visa and Mastercard pay.ments
What is the check out time at the Inn?
The check out time at Civic Center Motor Inn is 11:00 AM.
What times can guests check in at your inn?
Guests can check-in between 3 pm and midnight.
What type of breakfast is offered at the hotel?
The Inn offers free continental breakfast.
Where can I leave my bags for a while after checkout?
Yes, luggage storage is available at Civic Center Motor Inn.
Are rooms air conditioned?
Rooms at Club Donatello are air-conditioned.
Are there Elevator available at the site?
Lyft may be used from Club Donatello.
Are there accommodations for conventions?
No, Club Donatello does not have meeting or banquet facilities.
Are your rooms heated?
They are indeed heated.
Can I bring my pet with me?
Pets are not allowed at the Club Donatello.
Can I get rollaway beds at Club Donatello?
Extra beds are not available at Club Donatello.
Do I need parking reservation for parking at this Club?
A parking reservation is not needed at Club Donatello.
Do you have a concierge service?
The Club Donatello does provide concierge service.
Do you have a multilingual staff?
The languages spoken at the Club Donatello include English, Spanish and Filipino.
Do you have room service?
CLUB DONATELLO OFFERS ROOM SERVICE.
Does Club Donatello have a fitness center?
Yes, Club Donatello has a fitness center onsite.
Does Club Donatello have an on-site restaurant and bar?
Club Donatello has an on-site restaurant and bar.
Does Club Donatello offer WiFi?
WiFi is available free of charge at all location for Club Donatello.
Does the Club Donatello provide dry cleaning?
Dry cleaning is provided at the Club Donatello.
How much does it cost to use the wifi?
The WiFi at Club Donatello is free for guests to use.
Is parking available on site?
Parking is available at the Club Donatello on site.
Is there any housekeeping?
Daily housekeeping is provided at Club Donatello.
Is there smoking at Club Donatello?
No, this is a smoke-free property.
Is your front desk at Club Donatello always manned?
Yes, front desk is open for 24 hours at Club Donatello.
What cards are accepted?
American express, visa, master card, and discovery are accepted at Club Donatello.
What is the cost of parking at the site?
Parking costs $51.30 per day at Club Donatello.
What is the minimum age required to check in?
You must be 18 or older to check-in at this hotel.
What kind of breakfast options do you have?
For breakfast, guest may choose between a A la carte or Continental option.
What's the check in time at Club Donatello?
Check-in time for guests at Club Donatello is 3:00 PM.
When is check out?
Check out time is 12:00pm.
Are pets allowed?
Pets are not allowed.
Are there any WiFi at the site?
WiFi is free for unlimited devices
Are there concierge service offered?
Yes, this hotel offers concierge.
Can I request an extra cot?
THE CLUB QUARTERS HOTEL IN SAN FRANCISCO DOES NOT OFFER EXTRA BEDS.
Could you please tell me what check-in time is?
Check-in time at the Club Quarters Hotel in San Francisco is 3:00 PM.
Do I need to make a reservation ahead of time?
Nope, reservation is not needed in advance.
Do rooms at Club Quarters Hotel in San Francisco have air conditioning?
Yes, the rooms all have AC.
Do you all offer english and spanish language support?
English and Spanish are spoken at Club Quarters Hotel in San Francisco.
Do you have WiFi in the rooms, or just the lobby?
There is free WiFi available in all areas at Club Quarters Hotel in San Francisco.
Do you have any food services?
Per the amenities tab, there is a restaurant and a snack bar onsite at Club Quarters Hotel in San Francisco.
Do you have any smoking areas?
There are no designated smoking areas at Club Quarters Hotel in San Francisco.
Do you have disability access in your facilities?
Yes, there are facilities that have disablity access.
Do you have meeting facilities?
Club Quarters Hotel in San Francisco has meeting and banquet facilities available for extra charges.
Do you offer dry cleaning or laundry services?
Dry cleaning is offered at an additional charge.
Do you offer room service?
Yes room service is available.
Do your rooms have heating?
Rooms at the Club Quarters Hotel in San Francisco are heated
Does your hotel have a round the clock front desk?
Yes, the hotel has a 24-hour front desk.
Does your hotel offer baggage storage services?
Luggage storage is provided at Club Quarters Hotel.
How often are your rooms cleaned at Club Quarters Hotel in San Francisco?
Daily housekeeping service is provided at Club Quarters Hotel in San Francisco.
Is parking available on site?
It cost 32 cents a day USD for parking at a location nearby.  It is private parking
Is there a fitness center for use ?
The Club Quarters Hotel in San Francisco does offer a fitness center on site.
Is there an elevator for those that are disabled?
Yes, the hotel does have a lift.
Is there any kitchen available for guests at Club Quarters Hotel in San Francisco?
There is no kitchen available for guests at Club Quarters Hotel in San Francisco.
What forms of payment do you accept?
The Club Quarters Hotel accepts charge or cash
What type of parking is available?
Private parking is available at the Club Quarters Hotel in San Francisco.
When is check out time at Club Quarters Hotel in San Francisco?
Guests can check out anytime before 12 noon.
Are pets allowed on site?
Pets are not allowed at the Columbus Inn.
Are the rooms temperature controlled?
Room are heated at Columbus Inn.
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Free WiFi is available at the Columbus Inn.
Are there designated smoking areas at Columbus Inn?
Smoking is not allowed at Columbus Inn.
Are there extra beds available at the Columbus Inn?
Extra beds are available and can be requested and cost $10 per night and per person
Can I park my car for free?
Yes, there is free parking available at the Columbus Inn.
DO you have rooms with air conditioning?
Yes, every room has air-conditioning.
Do you offer concierge services?
The Columbus Inn provides concierge services.
Does Columbus Inn offer luggaged storage?
Yes, luggage storage is available at Columbus Inn.
Does Columbus Inn provide free parking for its guests?
Columbus Inn provides free parking for its guests.
How long does your front desk service stay open?
Columbus Inn provides 24-hour front desk service.
How much is parking there?
Free! Free private parking is available on site (reservation is not needed).
How much to connect to the wireless?
Nothing. WiFi is free at the Columbus Inn.
If we have a guest in a wheelchair, are there rooms to accommodate them?
Yes, there are rooms that have disability access.
Is maid service availible?
The Columbus Inn has daily housekeeping service.
Is parking free at Columbus Inn?
There is free parking at Columbus Inn.
Is there a security deposit or damage deposit needed at Columbus Inn?
Yes, 75 dollars is required.
Is there life option?
no life options are available
What is your check-in time?
Check-in time at the Columbus Inn begins at 3:00pm and until 12:00pm.
What languages do you speak there?
English and Spanish are spoken at Columbus Inn.
What time do I have to check out?
The check-out time at the Columbus Inn is 12:00PM.
What type of payment method do you accept?
American Express, Visa, Discover, Driver's Club International and Mastercard are all accepted at this hotel.
Are extra bed available?
Extra beds can be requested and are subject to room size and availablity.
Are pets allowed on site?
Only service animals are allowed on the property.
Are the rooms at Comfort Inn By the Bay Hotel San Francisco heated?
The rooms at the Comfort Inn By the Bay Hotel in San Francisco are heated.
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Free WiFi is available a the Comfort Inn By the Bay Hotel San Francisco.
Are there smoking rooms available or just non-smoking?
no, Non-smoking rooms
Are you handicap acceptable?
Comfort In Bay Hotel San Francisco has facilities for disabled guests.
Do you have free WiFi?
Yes free WiFi is available.
Is parking available at this location?
Parking is available at the Comfort Inn By the Bay Hotel San Francisco.
Is there any kitchen available for guests at Comfort Inn By the Bay Hotel San Francisco?
Comfort Inn By the Bay Hotel San Francisco does not have a kitchen on site.
What breakfast options does Comfort Inn By the Bay Hotel San Francisco offer?
Comfort Inn By the Bay Hotel San Franscisco has both American and Buffet breakfast options.
What credit cards do you take?
The Comfort Inn By the Bay Hotel San Francisco accepts Visa, Mastercard, Discover, Amex and Diner's Club
What is the cost of parking at the site?
At the Comfort Inn By the Bay Hotel San Francisco, private parking costs $34.20 per day.
What time do I have to check out by?
Check-out time at Comfort Inn By the Bay Hotel San Francisco is 12:00pm.
What time is the check in for this Comfort Inn location?
Check-in time begins at 4:00 PM.
What type of parking is available?
ADVANCE RESERVATIONS FOR PARKING ARE NOT REQUIRED AT COMFORT INN BY THE BAY HOTEL SAN FRANCISCO.
What types of languages are spoken at your hotel?
English, Spanish, Filipino and Chinese are spoken at Comfort Inn By the Bay Hotel San Francisco.
Are extra bed available?
You cannot ask for extra beds at Cornell Hotel de France.
Are reservations needed for parking?
Reservations for parking are not needed at Cornell Hotel de France.
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Yes, WiFi is available.
Are there luggage storage service?
The Cornell Hotel de France does provide luggage storage.
Can I bring my dog to your hotel?
Pets are not allowed at the Cornell Hotel de France
Can I get an airport drop off from the hotel?
It has airport drop off for an extra charge
Can I smoke while staying at the Cornell Hotel de France.
There are no designated smoking areas at the Cornell Hotel de France.
Check in and checkout time is when?
Check out time is 11:00 am.
Does Cornell Hotel de France have an airport shuttle?
airport shuttle
Does the hotel have a restaurant?
Cornell Hotel de France has a restaurant onsite.
Does this site offer daily housekeeping service?
THE CORNELL HOTEL DE FRANCE PROVIDES DAILY HOUSEKEEPING SERVICE.
Is there a fee for WiFi at Cornell Hotel de France?
Wifi is free at Cornell Hotel de France.
Is there parking available for cars at Cornell Hotel de France and are there any additional charges.
There is a public parking lot nearby at a cost of $36.48 daily.
What do patrons do for the morning meal?
American breakfast and coffee is provided at Cornell Hotel de France.
What languages are spoken at Cornell Hotel de France?
The staff at Cornell Hotel de France speak English, Spanish, French and Chinese.
What time is check in?
Check-in time is at 3:00 pm at Cornell Hotel de France.
What type of parking is available?
Parking is available at the Cornell Hotel de France
When is front desk service available?
The Cornell Hotel de France has a front desk that is accessible 24-hours each day.
Which credit cards do you accept?
The hotel accepts American Express, Visa, Mastercard, and Discover credit cards.
Which rooms have heating at the Cornell Hotel de France?
All rooms have heating at the Cornell Hotel de France.
Are reservations for parking required at this location?
Reservations are not required for parking.
Are there dry cleaning service offered?
No, there are not dry cleaning services.
Are there restaurant on site?
Yes there is a restaurant.
Can I bring my dog with me to your hotel?
No because pets are not allowed at the hotel.
Can I have a roll away brought into my room?
No, extra beds are not available.
Do the rooms have air conditioning?
Yes, the rooms of the Courtyard Hotel have air conditioning.
Do you have heat in the rooms?
Yes, rooms at Courtyard by Marriott Fishermans Wharf are heated.
Do you offer on site parking?
There is parking nearby for a cost of $43.32 a day.
Do your rooms have WiFi?
WiFi is free of charge for guests of Courtyard by Marriott Fishermans Wharf.
Does Courtyard by Marriott Fisherman's Wharf offer Concierge service?
Concierge service is offered at Courtyard by Marriott Fishermans Wharf.
Does Courtyard by Marriott Fishermans Wharf provide any shuttle service?
There is no shuttle service at Marriott Fishermans Wharf.
Does Courtyard by Marriott Fishermans Wharf provide room service?
Courtyard by Marriott Fishermans Wharf does not offer room service.
Does the Courtyard by Marriott Fishermans Wharf have a fitness center onsite?
Yes, Courtyard by Marriott Fishermans Wharf has fitness center or gym onsite.
Is smoking allowed in the rooms or onsite?
No, there is not a smoking area at the Courtyard by Marriott Fishermans Wharf.
Is there any kitchen available for guests at Courtyard by Marriott Fishermans Wharf?
The Courtyard by Marriott Fisherman's Wharf does not feature a kitchen in its rooms.
Is there free WiFi at the Courtyard by Marriott Fishermans Warf?
There is free WiFi available.
Is there parking available for cars at Courtyard by Marriott Fishermans Wharf?
Yes, parking is available at Courtyard by Marriott Fishermans Wharf.
Until at what time check-out Courtyard by Marriott Fishermans Wharf?
You can check-out until 12:00pm.
What credit cards are accepted for payment?
All major credit cards are accepted for payment at Courtyard by Marriott Fishermans Wharf.
What food options are available at the hotel?
Guests can dine at the Bistro, the on-site restaurant or grab and go at the 24 hour snack shop.
What time is check in at your hotel?
The check-in time is at 4:00 PM.
Are rooms air conditioned?
yes all rooms are air-conditioned
Are there concierge service offered?
Yes, concierge service is available.
Are there heating on the rooms?
There is heating in the rooms at the COurtyard by Marriott San Francisco Downtown
Are there places to eat and drink in the area?
yes there are restaurants and bars
Can I request maid service?
Daily housekeeping service is provided.
Can I work out at the hotel?
Yes, a fitness center is available.
Do they offer breakfast?
Breakfast option is continental at Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Downtown.
Do you have any smoking rooms?
The Courtyard by Marriott located in downtown San Francisco is a smoke free property, no smoking is allowed on the property.
Do you offer wifi services?
Wifi is available free of charge at Hotel Courtyard Marriott Downtown, San Francisco, CA.
Does Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Downtown have meeting and banquet facilities?
yes, Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Downtown has meeting and banquet facilities for an additional charge
Does the San Francisco Marriott Marquis Union Square have rooms with disability access?
Yes, the Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Downtown does have rooms with disability access.
Does this hotel offer extra beds?
The Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Downtown does not offer extra beds.
Hi can my dog stay with me?
Pets are not allowed.
Hi, can you let me know if you have dry cleaning at the hotel?
Drying cleaning is provided at Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Downtown for an extra charge.
How much to reserve a parking space?
Private parking is available for $70 per day.
If I'm going to have a car during my stay, do I need a parking reservation?
Reservations are not accepted for the on-site parking.
Is there an elevator?
there is no mention of lifts
Is there parking close by?
Parking is available on site and costs $70 per day
What is the check in time at the hotel?
Check-in begins at 4:00 PM at Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Downtown
What is the check-out time?
Guests must check out of the Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Downtown by 11:00 AM.
What is the cost for WiFi at the Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Downtown?
The Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Downtown offers free WiFi to guests.
What is the price of parking at Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Downtown?
Private parking for the Courtyard by Marriott SF costs USD 70 per day.
What languages can your hotel accomodate?
The hotel staff can speak German, English, Spanish, and Chinese.
What payment options are accepted at this location?
Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Downtown accepts all major credit cards.
What time does the front desk close?
The front desk is open 24 hours.
Are laundry services offered?
Laundry services are provided here.
Are pets allowed?
Pets are not allowed.
Are reservations needed for parking?
No, a reservation is not required for the public parking onsite.
Are the rooms air conditioned?
The Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Downtown/Van Ness Ave has air conditioned rooms
Can I get an extra bed in my room?
No, extra beds are not provided at Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Downtown/Van Ness Ave.
Do the rooms at Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Downtown/Van Ness Ave have heating and air conditioning?
The guest rooms at Courtyard By Marriott San Francisco Downtown/Van Ness Avenue have heating/air conditioning.
Do you have baggage storage?
Yes, baggage storage is available at Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Downtown/Van Ness Ave
Do you have elevators?
Yes, there are 2 elevators at Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Downtown/Van Ness Ave.
Do you offer free WiFi at  this hotel?
WiFi is free at Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Downtown/Van Ness Ave.
Do you offer internet services?
Yes, Wifi is available at the Courtyard Hotel and it is free.
Does Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Downtown/Van Ness Ave have swimming pool onsite?
Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Downtown/Van Ness Ave does not have pool access.
Is parking available onsite, and if so, what does it cost?
There is onsite parking at the Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Downtown and costs $59 per day.
Is smoking allowed in rooms or anywhere on the property?
A designated smoking area is available at Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Downtown/Van Ness Ave
Is there any accessibility features for disabilities?
There are facilities for persons with disabilities.
Is there any kitchen available for guests at Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Downtown/Van Ness Ave?
The kitchen is not available at the Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Downtown/Van Ness Ave.
Is there housekeeping service every day?
Yes, there is daily housekeeping.
Is there parking available for cars at Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Downtown/Van Ness Ave.?
Parking is available at Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Downtown/Van Ness Ave.
What forms of payment do you accept?
The hotel accepts Union Pay, Mastercard, American Express, Visa and Discover.
What languages are spoken by the staff?
English, Spanish, Filipino, Chinese are the languages spoken Courtyard By Marriott San Francisco Downtown/ Van Ness Ave.
What time is check in?
Check in time at the Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Downtown/Van Ness Avenue is at 3 PM.
What time is guest checkout?
Check out time is 12.00 PM at Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Downtown/Van Ness Ave.
When is the front desk service available?
The front desk is open 24 hours.
Are extra bed provided?
You cannot ask for extra beds at Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Union Square. This hotel does not offer extra beds.
Are meeting facilities provided there at the hotel?
They do provide meeting facilities
Are rooms air conditioned?
The rooms at the Courtyard by Marriott in San Francisco Union Square are air-conditioned with a central air cooling unit.
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Free WiFI is available in pubic areas of the hotel.
Are there any restaurants on site?
They han onsite restaurant and Starbucks
Can I have a smoking room?
No, it's a smoke-free hotel.
Can i park at the hotel?
Yes, you can park your car at the Courtyard Hotel.
Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Union Square have a fitness center?
Yes, the Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Union Square does have a fitness center.
Do you charge extra for pets?
No there is no extra fee for pets because  pets are not allowed at the Courtyard by Marriott Hotel.
Does the Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Union Square offer rooms with disability access?
The Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Union Square offers rooms with disability access.
How much to reserve a parking space?
NO RESERVATION IS REQUIRED FOR PRIVATE PARKING AT THE COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT SAN FRANCISCO UNION SQUARE.
Is there an elevator?
Yes, the Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Union Square has an elevator.
Is there any age restriction to check-in at Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Union Square?
There is no age restriction to check-in at Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Union Square.
Is there housekeeping daily?
Yes, the Courtyard Hotel does provide daily housekeeping service.
Is there internet, and if so how much does it cost?
There is no cost to use WiFi at the Courtyard Hotel since wifi is free.
Is there parking at the Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Union Square?
Yes there is, but there is an additional charge for it.
What is the daily parking cost at this hotel?
Parking onsite costs $67.26 per day.
What time is check in?
Check-in time begins from 3:00 pm at Hotel Courtyard by Marriott on Union Square San Francisco. Express Check-in/Check-out is available.
What type of payment method do you accept?
Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Union Square accepts American Express, Visa, MasterCard, Diners Club, JCB, Discover, and UnionPay.
What type of store is available at the site?
there is an onsite coffee shop
When is the check out time?
Check-out time is 12:00 p.m. at Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Union Square.
When is the front desk at Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Union Square open?
The front desk at Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Union Square is open 24 hours.
Wherecis heating listed?
Yes, heating is listed under General.
is there storage for my luggage?
Yes, luggage storage is available at the front desk.
what languages do the staff speak?
English and Spanish are spoken at Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Union Square.
Are pets allowed on site?
Yes, pets staying on property incur an extra charge at Cova Hotel.
Are the rooms at Cova Hotel heated?
The rooms at the Cova Hotel are heated.
Can I leave my luggage at Cova Hotel while I explore town?
The front desk provides baggage storage service for guests.
DO you all have onsite room service?
Room service is not listed.
Do I need to make a reservation to stay at the Cova Hotel?
reservations are not needed at Cova Hotel
Do you have private parking?
There is private parking available here, and charges may apply.
Do you have rooms with disabled access?
Rooms for disabled guests are available.
Do you have to be 18 to check-in at teh Cova Hotel?
Yes, guests must be 18 to check-in.
Do you provide concierge services?
Concierge services are available at the Cova Hotel
Does Cova Hotel have a fitness center?
Cova Hotel does have a fitness center.
Does Cova Hotel provide extra beds upon request?
Unfortunately extra beds are not available at this hotel.
Does the Cova hotel have meeting and banquet facilities?
Cova Hotel has meeting and banquet facilities available for an additional charge.
Does this site have designated smoking area?
Smoking is not allowed at the Cova Hotel.
How much is onsite parking?
Parking at the Cova Hotel costs 35 to 45 dollars per night if used by a valet, but otherwise not charged..
I was wondering if dry cleaning is provided?
Dry cleaning services are provided for an additional charge.
Is WiFi service available at Cova Hotel?
All rooms at the Cova Hotel include free WiFi.
Is there a bar inside the hotel?
There is a bar onsite at this hotel.
Is there a lift in the Cove Hotel?
The Cova Hotel does not have lift. There are elevators but not lift.
Is there shuttle service to the airport?
Cova Hotel has an airport shuttle available.
Is your desk open all night?
The Cova Hotel offers 24 hour front desk service.
What is the check in time at the hotel?
Check-in time at the Cova Hotel is 3:00 PM until 11:30 PM.
What is your check out time?
Check out time is noon at the Cova Hotel
What languages are spoken there?
English, Spanish, French, Filipino and Chinese are all spoken at this hotel.
What payments are accepted for Cova Hotel?
The hotel accepts Carte Blanche, JCB, Mastercard, Visa and Discover.
What type of breakfast is offered at the hotel?
A continental breakfast.
do you all provide wifi service?
All rooms at Cova Hotel give free Wifi access to guests.
Are the rooms at the Coventry Inn air conditioned?
air-conditioning is provided at Coventry Inn
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Coventry Inn provides free WiFi.
Are there any additional fees?
The Coventry Inn requires a $75.00 refundable security deposit at check-in.
Are there dry cleaning service offered?
THE COVENTRY INN OFFERS DRY CLEANING SERVICE FOR AN ADDITIONAL CHARGE.
Can you make a reservation for parking?
Parking reservations are not needed.
Do have free wifi service for your guest?
The Coventry Inn offers free WiFi for it's guests.
Do the rooms have heating available in them?
Yes, the rooms at the Coventry Inn are heated.
Do you all offer baggage storage?
Does Coventry Inn include baggage storage?
Do you have meeting or banquet facilities?
No, there are not any meeting or banquet facilities.
Does Coventry Inn have fitness center or gym onsite?
The Coventry Inn has no fitness center or gym onsite.
Good day, are pets allowed?
Pets are not allowed at this Inn.
I use a wheelchair and want to know if there is disablility access to rooms?
Yes, there are rooms available with disability access at Coventry Inn.
Is housekeeping available daily at this hotel?
Yes there is daily housekeeping provided.
Is smoking allowed in the rooms at this inn?
No, there are non-smoking rooms only.
Is there always someone at the front desk if I need something?
The front desk is open for 24 hours a day at Coventry Inn.
What breakfast options are available at Coventry Inn?
There are no breakfast options available at Coventry Inn.
What is minimum age of entry to check in at the hotel?
No, there are no age requirements for check-in here.
What is the cost of parking at the site?
Coventry Inn provides free private parking on site.
What is the cost of parking at the site?
There is free private parking on site and no reservation is needed
What kind of parking do you have?
There is accessible parking and it is free.
What time is checkout?
Check-out time is until 12:00 pm at Coventry Inn.
What type of language is spoken at the hotel?
English, Spanish, Hindi, Malay and Chinese are the spoken languages at Coventry Inn, San Francisco, CA.
What type of payment method do you accept?
American ExpressVisaMastercardDiners ClubDiscover
Will there be an extra bed for an extra guest?
No, they do not provide extra beds.
is there a lift available?
This property has a lift.
when is check in time?
Checkin is from 3pm to 12am.
Are any pets allowed at Cow Hollow Inn and Suites?
They do not currently allow pets.
Are the rooms at Cow Hollow Inn and Suites heated?
heating is available at Cow Hollow Inn and Suites
Are there facility for people with disability?
The Cow Hollow Inn & Suites has double and king rooms available with disability access.
Are you rooms air-conditioned?
Yes, rooms are air-conditioned at Cow Hollow Inn and Suites.
Can I request an extra cot?
Yes you can. The number of beds you're allowed to ask for depends on the room you are in and subject to availability.
Do I have to pay for parking at Cow Hollow Inn and Suites?
Yes, there is free parking at the Cow Hollow Inn and Suites.
Do you have accessible parking for the disabled?
Yes, free accessible parking is available at Cow Hollow Inn and Suites.
Do you have any bars or restaurants onsite?
A restaurant is available but a bar is not.
Do you have concierge service available?
Concierge service is provided at Cow Hollow Inn and Suites.
Do you offer free wifi?
WiFi is free at Cow Hollow Inn and Suites.
Does this site offer daily housekeeping service?
Yes, daily housekeeping services are provided.
How much to reserve a parking space?
A reservation for parking is not required at Cow Hollow Inn and Suites.
If I can't climb stairs, will I be able to get to my room on an upper floor?
Cow Hollow Inn and Suites has an elevator.
Is smoking allowed?
The entire property is smoke free.
Is there transportation to and from the airport?
Yes, an airport shuttle is available at Cow Hollow Inn and Suites.
What are the front desk hours at your Inn?
Yes, the front desk is open 24 hours.
What credit cards do you accept?
The Cow Hollow Inn and Suites accepts Mastercard, Visa and American Express.
What is the cost of parking at the site?
Parking is free at the Cow Hollow Inn and Suites.
What language options are available at this place?
The languages spoken at the Cow Hollow Inn and Suites are Mandarin, English, Spanish, Italian, Burmese and Cantonese.
What time can I check out?
Anytime before 12pm.
When does the check-in time begin at the Cow Hollow Inn and Suites?
The check-in time at the Cow Hollow Inn and Suites is 4:00PM.
Will Cow Hollow Inn and Suites store my bags at checkout?
Baggage storage is available.
Yes, is free Wifi available there?
Free WiFi is available at the Cow Hollow Inn and Suites
do they allow pets in their rooms?
No they do not.
Can I ask for an extra bed?
The Dakota Hostel and Hotel does not offer extra beds in rooms.
Check in and checkout time is when?
Check-in time is 3:00 p.m. at Dakota Hostel and Hotel.
Do you have a pet friendly room?
Pets are not allowed at the Dakota Hostel and Hotel.
Do you have luggage storage?
The Dakota Hostel and Hotel offers luggage storage
Do you have non smoking rooms at your hotel?
non smoking rooms are available as a popular amenity
Does Dakota Hostel and Hotel have any room with disability access?
None of their rooms offer disability access.
Does Dakota Hostel and Hotel have swimming pool onsite?
There are no onsite swimming pools at the Dakota Hostel and Hotel.
Hi, is there a place where I could prepare my own meals?
There is a shared kitchen available at the Dakota Hostel and Hotel
How long is the front desk at your hotel open until?
Yes.front desk at Dakota Hostel and Hotel opens for 24 hours.
How much is your wireless connections?
The WiFi is free here.
Is a kitchen and lounge area available for guests?
Guests have access to shared kitchen facilities and a lounge area.
Is there WiFi at Dakota Hostel and Hotel?
WiFi is available at the hotel.
Is there a wheel chair lift?
Yes, there is a lift.
Is there any age restriction to check-in at Dakota Hostel and Hotel?
No, there is no age restrictions at check-in at Dakota Hostel and Hotel.
Is there free transportation to and from the airport?
The Dakota Hostel and Hotel has an airport shuttle available at an extra cost.
Is there parking available at Dakota Hostel and Hotel?
There is no parking available at the Dakota Hostel and Hotel.
What cards does the Hotel accept?
The hotel accepts American Express, Visa, and MasterCard.
What time is check-out?
Check-out time is until 10:00 a.m. at the Dakota Hostel and Hotel.
Are extra bed available?
Yes, extra beds can be arranged for $20 per night.
Are reservation for parking available at the site?
The Days Inn by Wyndham San Francisco Downtown/Civic Center Area doesn't take reservations for parking
Are there any options for a lift?
Sadly, it does not have any lift options.
Do you allow pets?
Pets are strictly not allowed at the Days Inn.
Do you offer free wifi?
Free wi-fi is available throughout the Days Inn by Wyndham San Francisco Downtown/Civic Cntr Area.
Do you offer onsite parking?
Free private parking is available at this Days Inn.
Do you provide a shuttle service?
Days Inn by Wyndham San Francisco Downtown/Civic Cntr Area does provide shuttle service.
Does Days Inn by Wyndham San Francisco Downtown/Civic Cntr Area have daily housekeeping service?
Days Inn by Wyndham San Francisco Downtown/Civic Cntr Area has daily housekeeping service.
Does Days Inn by Wyndham San Francisco Downtown/Civic Cntr Area provide any luggage storage service?
Days Inn by Wyndham San Francisco Downtown/Civic Cntr Area does not provide any luggage storage service.
Does the Days Inn by Wyndham San Francisco Downtown/Civic Center Area have 24-hour front desk service?
The reception is available for 24 hours.
Does the hotel allow smoking?
Days Inn Wyndham location offers designated smoking areas for guests who smoke.
Hi, can you tell me if the rooms have heating?
All hotel rooms have heating.
How much to get onto your wireless?
Free WiFi is complimentary to all guests, and is accessible through out the hotel.
I must use a wheelchair and want to know if you can accommodate me?
There are rooms for disabled guests.
Is there a charge for me to park?
The Days Inn by Wyndham San Francisco Downtown/Civic Center area offers free parking
Is there central heating and air conditioning in the rooms?
Yes the rooms provide AC and Heat.
What breakfast is provided at Days Inn by Wyndham San Francisco Downtown/Civic Cntr Area?
A continental breakfast.
What forms of credit cards do they accept?
The Days Inn accepts credit card payment methods, such as Visa, Mastercard, American Express, and Discover.
What is minimum age of entry to check in at the hotel?
You must be at least 18 years old to check-in at Days Inn by Wyndham San Francisco Downtown/Civic Cntr Area.
What is the check in time at the hotel?
Check-in starts at 2:00 PM at Days Inn by Wyndham San Francisco Downtown/Civic Cntr Area.
What languages do your staff speak?
Languages spoken are English, and Hindi.
What type of parking is available?
There is accessible parking. There is a parking lot at the hotel with free parking.
When is the check out time?
The check-out time at Days Inn by Wyndham San Francisco Downtown/Civic Cntr Area is 11:00 AM.
Are pets allowed on site?
Pets are not permitted.
Are the rooms at the Desmond Hotel noon smoking?
The rooms at the Desmond Hotel are non-smoking, but it is unclear if there is a designated smoking area at this hotel.
Are the rooms at the Desmond heated?
Yes the rooms are heated.
Can I get an extra bed for my daughter at the Desmond Hotel?
There are no extra beds available.
Do they have an elevator at Desmond Hotel?
Yes, an elevator is available at Desmond Hotel.
Do you all store luggage?
Yes, the Desmond Hotel has storage service.
How frequently is housekeeping provided at the hotel?
The Desmond Hotel does provide daily housekeeping.
How much does wifi cost?
The WiFi is free at the Desmond Hotel.
Is there a charge for using WiFi?
Wifi is available at no extra charge.
Is there parking available at the facility?
No parking is available at the Desmond Hotel.
Is there transportation to and from the airport?
Desmond hotel provides an airport shuttle for an additional charge.
What forms of payment do you take?
Visa, MasterCard, UBC
What is the check in time at your hotel?
Guests can check into the Desmond Hotel at 2 pm.
What is the minimum age of entry to check in at the hotel?
The Desmond Hotel does restrict age to 18 for check in.
What is the security deposit at Desmond Hotel?
The desmond hotel requires a $250 security deposit.
What time do I need to check out?
The check-out time at Desmond Hotel is between 11:00 AM and 11:30 AM.
What type of language is spoken at the hotel?
The Desmond Hotel staff speak English and Hindi.
When is front desk service available?
At Desmond Hotel there is a front desk that is open 24 hours per day.
Are family rooms available with multiple beds at this location?
family rooms are available with multiple beds
Are the rooms at Europa Hostel heated?
There is heating available.
Can you smoke there?
No, this is a smoke free property.
Do I have to pay any type of damage deposit?
Yes, $100 damage deposit.
Do you allow pets?
Pets are not allowed at the Europa Hostel
Do you have a restaurant with extended hours?
Yes, it is open 24 hours.
Does Europa Hostel have WiFi access?
The WiFi is free at the Europa Hostel.
Does Europa Hostel have swimming pool onsite?
Europa Hostel does not have a swimming pool onsite.
Does this site offers airport shuttle service?
Shuttle service is available at Europa Hotel.
Is WiFi available Europa Hostel?
Free WiFi is available.
Is there a parking garage available?
Europa Hostel only has street parking.
What is the check in time at the hotel?
The time to start checking in is 3 pm here.
What is the minimum age of entry to check in at the hotel?
There is no age restriction to check-in.
What payment do you accept at Europa Hostel?
Cash and all major credit cards.
What time is check out?
Europa Hostel guests can check out from 12.00 AM till 11.00 AM.
Are pets allowed on site?
Pets are not allowed at the Europa Hotel.
Are there luggage storage service?
Yes, luggage storage is available at Europa Hotel for an additional charge.
Do you have temperature controls in the room?
The guest rooms at the Europa Hotel are heated.
Does Europa Hotel have accessible parking?
No, Europa Hotel doesn't have accessible parking.
Does Europa Hotel have free WiFi?
WiFi is free at the Europa Hotel.
Does Europa Hotel offer extra beds?
No, the Europa does not offer extra beds.
Does Europa Hotel offer smoking?
No, they are a smoke-free hotel.
Does housekeeping come every day?
Yes, they provide daily housekeeping.
Does the hotel offer parking?
Parking is not available at Europa Hotel. However, there is public parking nearby.
How much do you charge for WiFi?
Wifi is free at Europa Hotel.
Is airport shuttle is available at Europa Hotel?
Airport shuttle is available for an additional charge.
Is parking available onsite at the hotel?
Yes they have both street parking and a parking garage.
Is there an age restriction?
No, there is no age restriction.
Is there an extra fees at the Europa Hotel?
There is a $100 damage deposit that is required when you arrive at the hotel.
Is there somewhere to park my car while I am visiting?
parking is available at nearby locations
What hours is the front desk open?
Yes, the front desk of Europa Hotel is open for 24 hours a day.
What payment methods are accepted?
This hotel takes all types of payments
What time is check in?
Check in is from 3:00 PM to 12:00 AM
What type of language is spoken at the hotel?
The languages spoken at Europa Hotel are English Spanish Hindi Russian Ukrainian.
When is the check out time?
Check out is at 11:00am
Are pets permitted at European Hostel?
Pets are not allowed at European Hostel.
Are there banquet facility and meeting room available at site?
The European Hostel does not have meeting rooms or banquet facilities. There are shared lounge areas at the hotel.
Can I get an extra bed in my room?
The European Hostel does not offer extra beds.
Do you offer parking?
There is public parking nearby at an additional charge.
Does the European Hostel have free WiFi available?
The WiFi is free.
Does the hostel offer private parking?
only public parking is available
Hi, I wanted to check to see if reservation for parking there is needed.
Reservation is not needed for the parking at European Hostel in advance.
How late is the front desk open?
The description specially states the front desk is open 24 hours.
Is baggage storage available?
Baggage storage Additional charge
Is housekeeping available?
yes, daily house keeping at an additional charge
Is the wifi free?
Wifi is free at European Hostel.
Is there a shuttle to the airport that I could take from the hostel?
The European Hostel provides an airport shuttle.
Is there a smoking area at European Hostel?
There is a designated smoking area at European Hostel.
Is there free Wifi available?
No there is not.
Is there heat?
There is heating in the rooms.
What is the check-out time at your hotel?
Check-out at the European Hostel is 10:00 AM.
What languages are spoken at European Hostel?
Staff members at European Hostel speak English.
What type of payment method do you accept?
Visa and Mastercard are payment methods accepted at European Hostel.
When is the check-in time?
The check-in time is 3:00 pm and is listed at the bottom of the page
do you all have kitchen access for guests?
There is a shared kitchen available at European Hostel.
Are extra bed available?
Yes, you can request extra beds.
Are meeting and banquet facilities available at this hotel?
It has meeting and banquet facilities for an extra charge
Are rooms air conditioned?
Yes, they provide air conditioning.
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Yes, Wifi is available at the Executive Hotel Vintage Court.
Are there any rooms left for April 17th?
Hotel does have left.
Are there daily housekeeping service available?
Yes, Daily Housekeeping is available
Can I get luggage service?
Yes, luggage service is included with the package.
Can I make arrangements to bring my pet?
Pets are allowed on request and there may be an additional charge.
Check in and checkout time is when?
Our check out time is 12PM.
Do I need to make a parking reservation?
It is not necessary to make a reservation for parking at Executive Hotel Vintage Court.
Do I need to pay for damage?
Yes, a $100 damage deposit is required, but will be refunded at check-out if there is no damage to property.
Do guests have to be a certain age to check in?
The minimum age to check in is 21.
Do you have a concierge service?
Yes, they provide concierge at the front desk.
Does Executive Hotel Vintage Court provide any shuttle service?
Shuttle service is not available at Executive Hotel Vintage Court.
Does this site have fitness center available?
Executive Hotel Vintage court has a fitness center available onsite.
How much does parking cost there?
Parking is 64.98/day
How much is the dry cleaning at this hotel?
Dry cleaning is available for a fee
Is free WiFi available?
There is no charge to use WiFi at Executive Hotel Vintage Court. WiFi is free and accessible in all areas of the property.
Is there any place for smokers to smoke?
There is not a designated smoking area at Executive Hotel Vintage Court.
Is there heat in the rooms?
Rooms at the Executive Hotel Vintage Court are heated
What are the hours of the front desk?
The front desk at the Executive Hotel Vintage Court is available 24 hours a day
What credit cards do you accept for payment?
Executive Hotel Vintage Court accepts American Express, Visa, MasterCard, JCB and Discover cards.
What is the check in time at the hotel?
You can check-in starting at 3:00pm.
What languages are available for support by the hotel staff?
The hotel staff speak six different languages: English,Spanish,French,Japanese,Filipino, andChinese.
What type of parking is available?
Parking is available t Executive Hotel Vintage Court
Are extra bed provided?
Yes you can ask for extra beds at Fairmont San Francisco. You will receive extra beds and cribs when requested. The maximum number of extra beds and cribs allowed depends on your chosen room and availability.
Are the hotel rooms Air conditioned ?
Yes, the rooms at Fairmont San Francisco are air-conditioned.
Are there additional charges for wifi service?
There is no additional charge for WiFi.
Can I bring my dog to the Fairmont?
At the Fairmont San Francisco pets are welcome, but an additional charge may apply.
Do hou have meeting rooms?
It had meeting and banquet areas for an additional charge
Do the rooms have heat?
yes the rooms have heat
Do you have a shuttle service I can reserve to take me to the airport?
The Fairmont San Francisco provides shuttle service from the airport.
Do you have handicapped facilities?
Yes, Fairmont San Francisco has rooms for disability access.
Do you offer dry cleaning?
a dry cleaning service is provided for an additional charge
Does Fairmont San Francisco have restaurants/bars onsite?
Yes, they have two restaurants/bars onsite.
Does Fairmont San Francisco offer room service?
The Fairmont offers Room Service and this is confirmed in the general amenities section
Does Fairmont San Francisco provide concierge?
Yes the Fairmont does provide concierge.
How much does parking cost?
The parking at Fairmont San Francisco costs $76.38 per day.
Is parking available at the Fairmont San Francisco location?
Yes, parking is available for a fee.
Is the front desk open 24 hours at the Fairmont San Francisco?
Yes, the front desk at the Fairmont San Francisco is open for 24 hours every day.
Is there a fitness center?
There is a fitness center at the Fairmont San Francisco.
Is there an elevator or do I have to use the stairs?
Yes, an elevator is listed.
Is there parking available at Fairmont San Francisco?
yes, and there no additional charges
What breakfast options are offered at Fairmont San Francisco?
A Continental breakfast is available
What credit cards do you accept?
Mastercard, Visa, Diners Club, American Express and Discover are all acceptable payment options.
What is the check in time at this location?
The Fairmont check-in time is listed as 4:00 pm in their house rules section
What is the check-in time at your hotel?
Check in time at Fairmont San Francisco is 4:00PM.
When is the check out time?
Check-out is at 11:00AM.
Where are the smoking areas?
There is a designated smoking area
Where can I park at the Fairmont San Francisco?
Yes, parking is available on site, reservation is not needed.
Which languages are spoken at Fairmont San Francisco?
english, spanish, russian, chinese, and frensh are spoken at Fairmont San Francisco
is there storage for my bags?
Baggage storage is available.
Are pets allowed on site?
Pets are not allowed in this hotel.
Do I have to buy reservation for park?
No you do not. There is parking nearby that you can pay for when you arrive.
Do they have rooms and facilities available for disabled?
There is facilities and rooms available for disable guests.
Do you offer a shuttle service?
Shuttle service is available.
Does Fitzgerald Hotel Union Square offer extra beds?
The Fitzgerald Hotel Union Square does not offer extra beds.
Does the hotel have an elevator?
The hotel has a lift available to guests.
Does the hotel serve breakfast?
A free continental breakfast is served at at Fitzgerald Hotel Union Square
How long is the front desk open?
The front desk at the Fitzgerald Hotel Union Square is open 24hours.
How much does parking cost at the hotel?
Charges apply. According to one review parking cost $25 per night.
Is there WiFi at the Fitzgerald Hotel Union Square?
Yes, Fitzgerald Hotel Union Square has WiFi.
Is your hotel a non-smoking hotel?
No, smoking is not allowed at this hotel.
What cards are accepted?
Fitzgerald Hotel Union Squares accepts American Express, Visa, MasterCard, Diners Club International, JCB, and Discover Card as forms of payment.
What is the charge for WiFi at Fitzgerald Hotel Union Square?
WiFi is free at Fitzgerald Hotel Union Square.
What is the check out time at this location?
Check-out time at Fitzgerald Hotel Union Square is 12:00PM.
What languages are spoken by employees?
they speak both English and Spanish
What time is check-in?
Check in time is starting at 3:00 pm.
What type of parking is available?
There is no on-site parking at Fitzgerald Hotel Union Square. Charges apply for public parking at a location near the hotel.
Where can I leave my bags for a while after checkout?
The Fitzgerald Hotel Union Square provides baggage storage.
Are housekeeping services provided by FOUND Hotel San Francisco?
Daily housekeeping service is provided by the hotel.
Are pets allowed on site?
Pets aren't allowed in this hotel.
Are the facility for people with disability?
FOUND Hotel San Francisco offers facilities for disabled guests. The hotel is wheelchair accessible and offers visual aids in the form of braille and tactical signs. Bathrooms are equipped with grab rails.
Are there any services at the front desk?
Front Desk Services has a provision for baggage storage at Found Hotel San Francisco.
Are there restaurants nearby?
Yes, one restaurant called Mason House.
Can I have extra beds in my room?
Extra beds are not offered at FOUND Hotel San Francisco.
Can I smoke in the hotel?
No, there is no smoking in this hotel
Do you have a meeting room?
No, but they do have a business center.
Do you require a damage deposit for your rooms?
Yes, a $100 damage deposit is required to stay at the FOUNT Hotel.
Does the hotel accept pets?
No it does not.
Does this site offer concierge service?
Concierge service is available.
Hello. Does your rooms feature individual air units?
Found features air conditioned rooms and this is listed in the General Amenities section
Hi, can you let me know the hours of your front desk?
The website lists a 24-hour front desk and in common areas.
Is WiFi available?
wifi is available and it is free.
Is there a nearby place that I can park?
No on-site parking is available at FOUND Hotel San Francisco.
Is there heat at the hotel?
Yes, rooms at FOUND Hotel San Francisco are heated.
What is the cost of parking at the site?
Nothing! It is completely free.
What languages does your staff speak?
They speak Spanish and English.
What time is checkout?
Check out time is at 11:00am
What type of kitchen is available at the site?
A shared kitchen is available for guests at the FOUND Hotel San Francisco.
what payment forms are taken?
American Express, Visa, Master-Card are accepted by the hotel.
Are dry cleaning service available?
Dry cleaning service is available for an additional fee.
Are rooms at  Four Seasons Hotel San Francisco air conditioned?
Yes, rooms at Four Seasons Hotel San Francisco are air-conditioned.
Are there any WiFi at the site?
WiFi is free to use.
Are there daily housekeeping service available?
daily housekeeping is offered at Four Seasons Hotel San Francisco
Are there facilities for disabled people?
There are facilities available for disabled guests.
Are there heating on the rooms?
Heated rooms are available at the Four Seasons Hotel in San Francisco.
Are there hotel room for people with disability accessible?
This hotel is disability accessible.
Can I order from room service?
Yes, they provide room service.
Do I need parking reservation at this site?
Parking does not have to be made in advance for Four Seasons Hotel San Francisco.
Do you have extra beds available?
Yes, extra beds are available for $75/night.
Do you offer merting rooms for conferences?
yes there is Meeting / Banquet facilities at an additional charge
Does Four Seasons Hotel San Francisco have accessible parking?
No, the  Four Seasons Hotel San Francisco does not offer accessible parking.
How much is reserved parking?
yes, private parking is available on site, no reservations and is $65 a day
I have a small dog and want to know if pets are allowed and if there is a fee?
Pets are allowed at the hotel but at extra fee.
Is smoking allowed on the premises?
This is a smoke free property.
Is the front desk open 24/7?
yes the front desk is open 24 hours a day
Is there a charge for using WiFi in the hotel?
Wifi is available at no cost throughout the hotel.
Is there a concierge service?
The Four Seasons hotel has a concierge service listed in its front desk services
Is there a fitness center at Four Seasons Hotel San Francisco?
there is no mention of a fitness center
Is there a restaurant and bar in the hotel?
There is both an onsite restaurant and bar at Four Seasons Hotel San Francisco.
What are parking options?
There is on-site parking available!
What forms of payment for credit cards are accepted?
The Four Seasons Hotel San Francisco accepts all major credit cards: American Express, Visa, MasterCard, Diner's Club International, UCB, Discover, and Union Pay.
What is the check in time at the hotel?
Check in starts at 3:00 pm.
What languages does your staff speak?
German, English, Spanish and French are spoken at the Four Seasons Hotel San Francisco.
When is checkout?
Checkout is at 12:00pm
is there a luggage storage service available?
Yes, Four Seasons Hotel San Francisco has a luggage storage service.
Are children allowed at the Inn?
Children of all ages are welcome at the Inn.
Are pets allowed?
Pets are not allowed at all at Francisco Bay Inn.
Are reservations needed for this location?
No reservation is needed for the free on site parking at Francisco Bay Inn.
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Yes they do provide free wifi.
Can I get an extra bed in my room?
extra beds aren't offered at Francisco Bay Inn
Does Francisco Bay Inn have 24 hour front desk service?
The front desk at the Francisco Bay Inn is open 24 hours per day.
Does Francisco Bay Inn provide daily housekeeping service?
Francisco Bay Inn does not provide daily housekeeping service.
Does the Francisco Bay Inn require a damage deposit?
Yes, a $150 damage deposit is required to stay at the Francisco Bay Inn.
Does the inn offer breakfast?
They offer a light breakfast of coffee and muffins.
How much do you charge or wifi?
WiFi is free to use.
If I have trouble with stairs, can I use the elevator to get to any room?
Yes, elevators to all floor levels are available.
Is smoking allowed at the Francisco Bay Inn?
Unfortunately, this is a smoke free hotel and does not have a designated smoking area.
Is there a charge for parking my vehicle at the hotel?
Parking is free at the Francisco Bay Inn.
What is the cost of parking at the site?
Yes, the hotel has free parking for guests.
What languages are spoken at Francisco Bay Inn?
English and Spanish are both spoken.
What payments are accepted at this location?
The hotel accepts American Express, Visa, Mastercard, and Diners Club credit cards for payment.
What time is check-out?
The check-out time at the Francisco Bay Inn is until 11:00 a.m.
What time us check-in?
check in at Francisco Bay Inn is 3pm
Are pets allowed and is there a charge?
Galleria Park, a Joie de Vivre Hotel is a pet friendly establishment. There may be an extra charge for pets.
Are rooms air conditioned?
The rooms are air-conditioned.
Are there any designated smoking areas at Galleria Park, a Joie de Vivre Hotel?
No, they are a smoke free property.
Are your rooms heated?
Yes, the rooms at Galleria Park are heated.
Can I use a credit card at the hotel?
Galleria Park, a Joie de Vivre Hotel accepts credit cards as payment methods. They accept Visa, Master Card, Discover and American Express. Prepayment options vary according to accommodation needs.
Can you let me know if you have a lift in your hotel?
Galleria Park, a Joie de Vivre Hotel does not have lift. There are elevators but not lift.
Can you store my luggage until it's time for my flight ?
Yes, luggage storage is available at Galleria Park, a Joie de Vivre Hotel
Do you have WiFi?
WiFi is available at Galleria Park.
Do you have a fitness room?
There is a fitness center onsite.
Do you have parking for when we arrive?
No, you may park upon arrival for guests only.
Does Galleria Park, a Joie Vivre Hotel offer extra beds?
Galleria Park, a Joie Vivre Hotel does not offer extra beds.
Does your hotel offer a concierge service?
Yes it has concierge service
Hi, is there private parking there?
Yes, there is private parking at the hotel
How many different languages are spoken at your hotel?
The Galleria Park speaks three different languages, including English, Spanish, and Filipino.
Is WiFi available in the rooms?
The rooms come with free WiFi at Galleria Park.
Is room service provided?
Yes, they provide room service.
Is the front desk open late?
Yes, the front desk has 24 hour service.
Is there dry cleaning available?
Yes,  Galleria Park, a Joie de Vivre Hotel provide dry cleaning service with additional charges.
Is your hotel handicapped accessible?
It has facilities for disabled guests at no additional charge
What does it cost?
It costs $61.56 per day
What is the minimum age of entry to check in at the hotel?
Yes, you must be at least 18 years old.
What type of food store is available at the site?
There is a bar and a restaurant onsite.
When is check-in time at Galleria Park, a Joie de Vivre Hotel?
check in is at 3pm
When staying at Galleria Park, a Joie de Vivre Hotel what is the check out time?
The check-out time at Galleria Park, a Joie de Vivre Hotel is 12:00pm.
Are pets allowed on site?
There are no extra charges for pets.
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Free WiFi is available.
Are there any WiFi at the site?
WiFi is offered free of charge to all guests at the Golden Gate Hotel.
Are there heating on the rooms?
Yes, the rooms at Golden Gate Hotel are heated.
Can you please tell me when I have to check out?
Check-out is 12pm.
Can your rooms accommodate a crib, or can we at least get an extra bed?
There are no extra beds offered at this hotel. The hotel does not have capacity for cribs.
Do you have a minimum age requirement for those checking into the hotel?
You must be at least 18 to check in.
Do you need a reservation for parking at Golden Gate Hotel?
A reservation for parking is not needed at Golden Gate Hotel.
Do you offer breakfast there?
A daily continental breakfast is provided.
Does Golden Gate Hotel have concierge service?
Concierge service is available.
Does the hotel offer parking?
Yes the hotel has parking.
Does this site have designated smoking area?
The entire property is smoke-free.
Does your hotel have a lift?
No, the Holden Gate Hotel does not have lift.
Hi, I got a question--what is the parking availability?
Parking is available at a nearby site for $39.90 per day
How often are the rooms cleaned at your hotel?
Daily housekeeping service is provided at the Golden Gate Hotel.
Is baggage service available at this hotel location?
Baggage storage service is available at the Golden Gate Hotel.
Is there any restaurant or bar onsite at Golden Gate Hotel?
There are no restaurants or bars onsite at the Golden Gate Hotel.
What are the different languages spoken at the hotel?
The languages spoken at Golden Gate Hotel are English, German, French and Spanish.
What is your check in time?
Check-in time at the Golden Gate Hotel is 3:00 pm
Where is the parking located at Golden Gate Hotel?
At Golden Gate Hotel parking is easily accessible. Parking is available on the opposite side of the hotel.
Which payment methods do you take?
The Golden Gate Hotel accepts all major credit cards
Am I allowed to smoke in the hotel?
No, smoking is not allowed at Good Hotel.
Are pets allowed at Good Hotel?
Pets are not allowed at the Good Hotel
Are the rooms at Good Hotel heated?
The rooms at Good Hotel are heated.
Are there any WiFi at the site?
WiFi is free at Good Hotel, so it costs nothing.
Do I need to also make a reservation for parking?
No parking reservation is needed.
Does Good Hotel have WiFi and is there an extra fee?
WiFi is available and free to guests at the Good Hotel.
Does Good Hotel provide room service?
Good Hotel does not provide room service.
Does the Good Hotel have swimming pool onsite?
The Good Hotel has a rooftop swimming pool onsite.
Does the Good hotel offer extra beds?
extra beds are not offered at Good hotel
How late is the front desk open?
Yes, front desk staff are available 24 hours to guests.
Is an elevator available?
Yes an elevator is available at Good Hotel
Is there dry cleaning at the Good Hotel?
The Good Hotel offers dry cleaning for an additional charge
Is there fitness center on site?
Good Hotel has a fitness center on site
Is there on-site or off-site parking at Good Hotel?
Good Hotel has private parking onsite for $45 a day.
Is there parking available for Good Hotel guests?
The Good Hotel has accessible parking available for its customers.
Is there parking there?
Parking is available at Good Hotel.
Is there somewhere to eat?
There is a bar and restaurant onsite.
What languages are spoken at the hotel?
Arabic, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Mongolian, Thai, Filipino, Chinese are spoken at Good Hotel.
What time can I check in?
check in at Good Hotel is 3pm
What time is your latest check out time ?
Check out time at the Good Hotel is 12:00 noon
What type of payment method do you accept?
The hotel accepts cash of course as well as these credit cards American Express,Visa,Master Card ,Discover.
Are luggage storage services available at the Grant Hotel?
Yes, the Grant Hotel provides luggage storage services.
Are the rooms heated?
Yes the rooms are heated.
Are there Elevator available at the site?
No, the Grant Hotel does not have lift.
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Yes, WiFi is available for free at this hotel.
Are there facility for people with disability?
Yes, they have facilities for disabled guests.
Can I get a pet-friendly room?
The Grant Hotel does not allow pets.
Do I need to make a reservation first before I can park there?
Reservations are not required for parking at Grant Hotel.
Do you provide extra cots?
At the Grant Hotel, extra beds are available to guests, upon request. The maximum number of beds allowed is dependent on your room size and capacity. Extra bed usage is subject to availability.
Does this site have designated smoking area?
There is no smoking allowed at the hotel.
How much is wifi?
WiFi is free at the Grant Hotel.
What breakfast options are available at Grant Hotel?
There is no breakfast option available at the Grant Hotel.
What is the cost of parking at the site?
Parking costs $37.20 per day at Grant Hotel.
What is the cost of parking at the site?
there is secure public  parking nearby at $37.29 per day
What languages are spoken there?
English, Spanish, Thai, Filipino, and Chinese are spoken at Grant Hotel.
What time is check-in at the Grant Hotel?
The Grant Hotel check-in time starts at 3:00 PM.
When is front desk service available?
Yes, the front desk at Grand Hotel is open 24 hours.
When is the check out time?
12:00 PM is the check-out time for guests at the Grant Hotel.
Would I be able to pay for the room with my credit card?
The Grant Hotel accepts American Express, Visa, and Mastercard.
Are extra bed available?
At the bottom of the amenities page information about extra beds is available.
Are pets allowed?
Pets are not allowed at this hotel.
Are reservations needed to park in advance at this hotel?
No, you do not need to make a reservation for parking in advance.
Are there employees that that can assist me on places to see in the area?
Concierge services are offered at Grant Plaza Hotel.
Are there luggage storage service?
Yes, the Grant Plaza Hotel provides luggage/baggage storage service.
Do I have to pay for WiFi at the Grant Plaza Hotel?
WiFi at the Grant Plaza Hotel is free of charge to guests.
Do you have a lift?
It does not have lift.
Do you have any meeting rooms or ballrooms?
No, there are no meeting or banquet facilities at Grant Plaza Hotel.
Do you offer housekeeping?
The Grant Plaza Hotel provides daily housekeeping service
Hi, can you let me know if you have parking there?
Parking is not available on-site, but there is a parking garage nearby and street parking.
Is free Wifi provided for guests?
Yes, free wifi is available.
Is it allowed to smoke in your hotel?
No, Grant Plaza Hotel is smoke free property.
Is there any restaurant or bar onsite at Grant Plaza Hotel?
There are no restaurants or bars onsite at the Grant Plaza Hotel.
Is there free parking available?
Parking is available for $30.95 per day at Grant Plaza Hotel.
Is your front desk open 24 hours a day?
There is 24-hour front desk service at the Grant Plaza Hotel.
What cards do you accept?
This hotel lists American Express, Master Card, Visa and JCB as acceptable payements.
What is the check in time at the hotel?
Check-in time is from 2:30 p.m. at the Grant Plaza Hotel.
What languages does Grant Plaza Hotel staff speak?
The languages spoken at the Grant Plaza Hotel included English and Chinese.
What time is check out?
Heat is provided in the hotel rooms.
What time is check out?
Check-out time is until 12 PM at the Grant Plaza Hotel
Are dry cleaning, or any type of laundry services offered by the hotel?
Dry cleaning service is not listed, but they do have laundry for an additional charge.
Are there shuttle services available at Green Tortoise Hostel?
Yes, airport shuttle service and other shuttle services can be arranged, but possibly for an additional charge.
Can my dog stay at the Green Tortoise Hostel?
Pets are not allowed at Green Tortoise Hostel.
Can we stay there?  Are beds available?
No you cannot. There are no extra beds available.
Do you have a place to store our luggage, or do we have to keep it in the room?
luggage storage is available at Green Tortoise Hostel
Do you have any health services like a Gym on site?
The only health and wellness facilities available is a sauna.
Do you offer complimentary WiFi?
The WiFi is free at the Green Tortoise Hostel.
Does the Green Tortoise Hostel offer free WiFi?
The Green Tortoise Hostel offers free WiFi to all guests.
Does the hotel have parking?
The hotel does not have parking, but there is public parking available at a nearby location.
Is heat offered in the rooms?
Yes, the rooms at Green Tortoise Hostel are heated.
Is it necessary to make reservations for parking at Green Tortoise Hostel?
reservations are not needed for parking at Green Tortoise Hostel
Is lunch provided?
No, but breakfast is provided daily and dinner on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.
Is there a kitchen where I can cook my own food?
A shared kitchen is available for guests here.
Is there parking available at Green Tortoise Hostel?
Parking for Green Tortoise Hostel is available  at a nearby lot that is $20 until noon the next day.
What are your rules for smoking at the Green Totoise Hotel ?
No. The Green Tortoise Hostel is a smoke-free property.
What do you serve for breakfast?
Eggs, oatmeal, yogurt, bagels, fresh fruit, orange juice, coffee and tea. Coffee and tea are served all day.
What languages are spoken there?
Languages spoken at the Green Tortoise Hostel include English, Spanish, French, Dutch & Russian
What time is check out?
The check-out time at the Green Tortoise Hostel is 11:00am.
What time may I check into your Hostel?
Check in starts at 4pm.
What type of payment method do you accept?
They take VISA and Mastercard.
When is the front desk open?
Front desk is 24 hours at Green Tortoise Hostel.
Are credit and debit cards available as payment methods?
Six different credit and debit cards are available as payment methods at the Hamptom Inn San Francisco Downtown/Convention Center.
Are pets allowed on site?
Pets are not allowed at Hampton Inn San Francisco Downtown/Convention Center.
Are the rooms air conditioned?
Yes, rooms are air-conditioned at Hampton Inn San Francisco Downtown/Convention Center.
Are there meeting or banquet facilities at Hampton Inn San Francisco Downtown/Convention Center?
There are no meeting or banquet facilities.
Are there restaurants or bars at the Hampton Inn San Francisco Downtown/Convention Center?
There are not onsite restaurants or bars at Hampton Inn San Francisco Downtwon/Convention Center.
Are there rooms with disability access?
Yes there are rooms with disability access
Can I get an extra bed in my room?
Yes, you can ask for extra beds.
Do I have to pay for Wifi?
Wifi is free at Hampton Inn San Francisco Downtown/Convention Center.
Do they have smoking areas available?
No, Hampton Inn San Francisco Downtown/Convention Center does not have a designated smoking area.
Do we have to pay for Hampton Inn San Francisco Downtown/Convention Center?
The website says that there is on-site parking but doesn't list any cost for parking
Do you have luggage storage available if I drop off my bags early?
Luggage storage service is provided at Front Desk at Hampton Inn San Francisco Downtown/Convention Center.
Do you offer dry cleaning services ?
Dry cleaning is provided at the Hampton Inn San Francisco Downtown/Convention Center, but for an additional charge.
Does Hampton Inn San Francisco Downtown/Convention Center provide daily housekeeping?
Daily housekeeping is provided.
Does the hotel have WiFi?
Yes, they provide Wi-fi free of charge.
Does the hotel have a fitness center?
Yes, this hotel has a fitness center.
Does your Inn mention a limit on people for the convention center?
does not mention
Is heating available at your inn?
The Hampton Inn San Francisco does provide heating.
Is there breakfast available at Hampton Inn San Francisco Downtown/Convention Center?
A free breakfast buffet or On the Run Breakfast Bag.
Is there private parking and do I need a reservation?
Private parking is $60/day and you don't need to make a reservation in advance.
What is the check in time at the hotel?
Check-in time is from 3:00 p.m.
What time is check out?
Check out time is 11:00 AM
When is front desk service available?
The front desk is open 24 hours a day at the Hampton Inn San Francisco Downtown/Convention Center
Where do I park?
For a $60.00 per day charge, parking is available at the hotel.
Are extra bed available?
The hotel doesn't provide extra beds as standard practice, but you could ask as extra beds are subject to availability.
Are pets allowed on site?
Upon request, pets are allowed while extra fees may apply.
Can I find a room there that is cool?
The rooms at Harbor Court Hotel are air-conditioned.
Can I get dry-cleaning service there?
Dry cleaning is available to guests for an extra charge.
Do I need to make a reservation to park at your hotel?
A reservation is not needed for parking at the Harbor Court Hotel
Do you allow smoking on the premises?
Harbor Court Hotel is a smoke-free property with non-smoking rooms.
Do you have a gym?
There is a fitness center onsite.
Do you have rooms for the disabled?
Yes there are rooms with disability access.
Do you have wifi in your rooms?
The Harbor Court Hotel includes WiFi for free.
Does this site offer daily housekeeping service?
The Harbor Court Hotel provides daily housekeeping services.
How can I connect to wireless?
There is WiFi available in all areas at the Harbor Court Hotel for an additional charge.
Is there an elevator
Yes, elevator is available at Harbor Court Hotel.
Is there baggage storage at the Harbor Court Hotel?
Baggage storage is offered at Harbor Court Hotel.
Is there parking?
Private parking is available at the Harbor Court Hotel.
Is there room service?
The Harbor Court Hotel does provides room service.
What are the dining options at this location?
There is an asian restaurant called Ozumo onsite.
What credit cards are accepted at the Harbor Court Hotel?
This hotel accepts American Express, Visa, Mastercard, and Discover.
What is the cost of private parking at this location?
Private parking costs $60 a day.
What time can I check in?
Check in time at the Harbor Court Hotel is 3:00pm
What time is checkout?
Checkout time at the Harbor Court Hotel is until 12 PM.
What type of language is spoken at the hotel?
The following six languages are spoken; English, Spanish, French, Russian, Filipino, Turkish
When is front desk service available?
The Harbor Court Hotel's front desk is open 24 hours.
is there heat in the rooms?
Yes, the rooms at the hotel are heated.
Are extra beds available?
The Hayes Valley Inn does offer extra beds
Are pets allowed on site?
Pets are not allowed at Hayes Valley Inn.
Are there daily housekeeping service available?
Yes, there is daily housekeeping service at the Hayes Valley Inn.
Could someone there help me with finding things to do in the area?
Concierge service is available at Hayes Valley Inn.
Do you have a parking lot?
Parking is not available at Hayes Valley Inn.
Do you have cooling and heating in the rooms?
Hayes Valley Inn has heated rooms.
Do you have dry cleaning facilities?
There is no mention of dry cleaning on the websites main pages.
Do you have free wifi there?
free wifi is available at Hayes Valley Inn
Does the hotel offer breakfast?
A continental breakfast is offered.
Is WiFi only available in my room?
No, WiFi at Hayes Valley Inn is available in all areas and it is free of charge.
Is the front desk always manned?
The front desk at Hayes Valley Inn is open 24 hours.
Is there a baggage storage service at Hayes Valley Inn?
A baggage storage service is available.
What forms of payment are accepted at Hayes Valley Inn?
Credit cards are accepted. No mention of debit cards are listed.
What is the check in time at Hayes Valley Inn?
Check-in is front 3:00 p.m. to 11:00 p.m at the Hayes Valley Inn.
What languages are spoken at Hayes Valley Inn?
English and Spanish are the languages spoken at the Hayes Valley Inn.
What time is checkout time at Hayes Valley Inn?
Guests are asked to check out between 7:00AM and 11:00AM.
What's the minimum age to check in?
The minimum age to check-in at the Hayes Valley Inn is 18 years old.
Where would a person go to smoke while at Hayes Valley Inn?
There is not a designated smoking area at Hayes Valley Inn.
Are there designated smoking areas at HI San Francisco City Center Hostel?
There are no designated smoking areas at the Hi San Francisco City Center hostel.
Are there snacks easily accessible?
There is a snack bar, vending machines and good coffee available.
Are your rooms all heated?
All rooms at this hotel have heating available.
Can I get an extra bed for my room?
The HI San Francisco City Center Hostel does not offer extra beds.
Do I need to make a reservation for parking?
Advance reservations are not needed for parking at HI San Francisco City Center Hostel.
Do you allow pets in the rooms?
Pets are not allowed at HI San Francisco City Center Hostel.
Do you have any opening for the first week in May?
HI San Francisco City Center Hostel accepts most major credit cards.
Do you have handicapped rooms?
The HI San Francisco City Center Hostel includes facilities for disabled guests.
Do you have parking at the hostel?
PARKING IS NOT AVAILABLE AT HI SAN FRANCISCO CITY CENTER HOSTEL.
Do you have shuttle services available?
The HI San Francisco City Center Hostel does provide shuttle service.
Does HI SanFrancisco City Center Hostel have concierge service?
a concierge is available at HI San Francisco City Center Hostel
Does every room have Wi-FI?
Every room here has its own Wi-Fi ready.
I was wondering if there is a kitchen available for use at HI San Francisco City Center Hostel?
Yes, anyone who stays there can gain access to a shared kitchen.
If I need help with something, is there always someone at the front desk?
Yes, the front desk is open 24 hours at HI San Francisco City Center Hostel.
Is Wifi free at HI San Francisco City Center Hostel?
WiFi is free at HI San Francisco City Center Hostel.
Is there a bar and restaurant at this hotel?
A bar is available onsite, though there is no restaurant.
Is there an elevator at the HI San Francisco City Center Hostel?
HI San Francisco City Center Hostel does have a lift.
What is the cost of parking at the site?
It costs 35 USD per day for parking
What other languages do your employees speak?
The languages spoken at HI San Francisco City Center Hotel are English, Spanish, German, Greek, Dutch, and Korean.
When can I check-in?
Check-in time begins from 3:00 pm at HI San Francisco City Center Hostel.
When is the check out time?
11:00 a.m. is the check-out time at HI San Francisco City Center Hostel.
Where can I leave my bags for a while after checkout?
The front desk does provide baggage storage.
Will housekeeping services be available during my stay?
The HI San Francisco City Center Hostel has daily housekeeping available
Am I allowed to smoke in my room while staying at the HI San Francisco Downtown Hostel?
This hotel is a no-smoking hotel.
Are there rooms available with heating at HI San Francisco Downtown Hostel?
The rooms at HI San Francisco Downtown Hostel are heated.
Do you allow pets?
Pets are not allowed at the HI San Francisco Downtown Hostel.
Do you provide parking for guests staying at the HI San Francisco Downtown Hostel?
No parking is available at the HI San Francisco Downtown Hostel
Does HI San Francisco Downtown Hostel accept credit cards?
Credit cards are accepted by HI San Francisco Downtown Hostel.
Does HI San Francisco Downtown Hostel have fitness center or gym onsite?
HI San Francisco Downtown Hostel does not offer any fitness or gym facilities.
Does HI San Francisco Downtown Hostel offer free WiFi in the rooms?
There is free WiFi offered in the rooms at HI San Francisco Downtown Hostel.
Does you hotel change for WiFi?
Free WiFi is available at the HI San Francisco Downtown Hostel.
Does your hostel have a kitchen?
There is a shared kitchen available.
Does your hotel have a lift?
Yes, the HI San Francisco Downtown Hostel does have a lift.
Is daily house keeping available at HI San Francisco Downtown Hostel?
Daily house keeping is available at the HI San Francisco Downtown Hostel.
Is dry cleaning service available at HI San Francisco Downtown Hostel?
No dry cleaning service is available, but laundry service is available for an additional charge at HI San Francisco Downtown Hostel.
Is it possible for me to get an extra bed for my room?
Extra beds are not available for request at HI San Francisco Downtown.
Is there a  kitchen I can use?
A shared kitchen is available at HI San Francisco Downtown Hostel.
What is the Check-out time?
The Check-out time at the HI San Francisco Downtown Hostel is any time between 12:00am to 11:00am.
What languages does the staff at the hotel speak?
There are 6 languages spoken at the hotel; German, English, Spanish, French, Chinese and Portuguese.
What time may I check in upon arrival?
Check-in time is at 3:00 pm at HI San Francisco Downtown Hostel.
When is the front desk opened at HI San Francisco Downtown Hostel?
The front desk is open 24 hours.
Where can I leave my bags for a while after checkout?
Luggage storage is provided at the Hi San Francisco Downtown Hostel.
Are elevators present at Hilton Parc 55 San Francisco Union Square?
Hilton Parc 55 San Francisco Union Square has lifts/elevators.
Are extra beds available?
Extra beds are not available at this hotel.
Are shuttles available to the airport?
Yes, shuttle service is available.
Are the rooms handicapped accessible?
facilities for people with disabilities are provided
Are there heating on the rooms?
Yes, rooms at this hotel are heated.
Can I have clothes dry cleaned there?
This hotel does provide dry cleaning service for an additional charge.
Can you tell me if the rooms have air-conditioning?
Yes, the rooms are air-conditioned.
Do I need reservation for parking?
You do not need to make a reservation for parking in advance.
Do you allow smoking?
No, this property is smoke-free.
Do you have a butler?
Concierge service is available at Hilton Parc 55 San Francisco Union Square.
Do you have wifi?
WiFi is available.
Do you offer luggage storage?
Luggage storage is available at Hilton Parc 55 San Francisco Union Square.
Does the Hilton have a fitness center?
Yes, the Hilton Park 55 San Francisco Union Square does have a fitness center facility for its guests.
Does this hotel have parking?
Private parking is available onsite at this hotel.
Does your hotel have a bar and restaurant?
there is a bar and restaurant onsite at Hilton Parc 55 San Francisco Union Square
How much are bets in the hotel?
Charges may apply if you bring a bet.
How much do your charge for wifi?
Wifi is free of charge at the Hilton Parc 55 San Francisco Union Square
How much is your parking?
Parking costs $79.80 per day at the Hilton Parc 55 San Francisco Union Square.
Is daily housekeeping provided at the Hilton Parc 55 San Francisco Union Square?
The Hilton Parc 55 San Francisco Union Square provides daily housekeeping services.
Is the front desk open 24 hours a day?
the front desk at the hotel is accessible 24/7
Is there a meeting room available?
Yes, Meeting/Banquet Facilities are available with additional charge at Hilton Parc 55 Union Square, San Francisco.
What breakfast options are available at Hilton Parc 55?
No breakfast is included. But a coffee shop with expresso bar is available at Hilton Parc 55 San Francisco Union Square.
What languages are spoken at your facility?
English, Spanish, Italian, Japanese, Portuguese, Filipino, and Chinese are spoken at the Hilton Parc 55 San Francisco Union Square.
Where and when do I check in?
Check-in is from 3 pm at Hilton Parc 55 San Francisco Union Square.
what credits cards are accepted?
THE HILTON PARC 55 ACCEPTS VISA, MASTERCARD, AMERICAN EXPRESS, DISCOVER AND JCB CREDIT CARDS.
Am I able to bring my dog to stay with me in my room?
Yes, for an additional charge.
Are children welcome and what is the minimum age for check in?
Children of all ages are welcome, The minimum age for check-in is 18
Are concierge services available for guests?
Yes, Hilton San Francisco Financial District provides concierge services.
Are extra bed provided?
No, this hotel does not offer extra beds.
Are guests allowed to bring pets at Hilton San Francisco Financial District?
Yes, charges may apply for pets.
Are parking available at the site?
Yes, this hotel does offer parking.
Are the rooms at the Hilton San Francisco Financial District air conditioned?
Rooms at the Hilton San Francisco Financial District are air conditioned
Are the rooms heated?
Yes, the rooms at Hilton San Francisco Financial District are heated.
Can I get a smoking room?
No, this is a smoke-free property.
Do you have public parking available and at what chages?
Public parking is available on site (reservation is not needed) and costs USD 68.40 per day
Do you offer luggage storage?
Baggage storage at the front desk is provided to guests at Hilton San Francisco Financial District hotel.
Do you provide WiFi service?
WiFi is available in all areas and costs USD 10 per 24 hours
Do you provide a shuttle to and from the airport?
Shuttle services are offered, however, there may be an extra charge.
Does Hilton San Francisco Financial District have swimming pool onsite?
Hilton San Francisco Financial District does not have swimming pool onsite.
Does this location offer facilities for disabled guests?
The Hilton San Francisco Financial District offers facilities for disabled guests.
Does this site have facility to hold banquet or meeting?
The Hilton San Francisco Financial District does have banquet and/or meeting facilities for an additional charge.
Does this site offer daily housekeeping service?
Yes, the Hilton San Francisco Financial District does provide daily house keeping service.
How much do you charge for Wi-fi?
WiFi is available at Hilton San Francisco Financial District for an extra charge of USD 10 per 24 hours.
Is room service available.
Hilton San Francisco Financial District provides room service.
Is there a 24/7 fitness center at the Hilton San Francisco?
Yes, the fitness center is available 24/7.
Is there a restaurant on site there?
Yes, 750 Restaurant and Bar is available for breakfast through dinner, providing both a la carte and buffet options.
Is there always someone at the front desk?
Yes it is open for 24 hour service.
Is there lift service at Hilton San Francisco Financial District?
It appears not to have lift services.
What are the parking options for the Hilton SF Financial District?
There is public parking available at the Hilton San Francisco Financial District.
What are your food options?
Continental, Buffet, Breakfast in the room
750 Restaurant
Food: American
Open for: Breakfast, Brunch, Lunch, Dinner, Cocktail hour
What is the check in time for the Hilton San Francisco Financial District?
The check-in time at the Hilton San Francisco Financial District is 3:00PM.
What is the check out time for Hilton San Francisco Financial District?
The Check-out time is at 11:00 am at the Hilton San Francisco Financial District?
What is the cost of parking at the site?
On-site parking is available for $68.40 per day at Hilton San Francisco Financial District hotel.
What payment options are accepted at Hilton San Francisco Financial District?
Hilton San Francisco Financial District accepts American Express, Visa, MasterCard, Discover, Carte Blanche and Union Pay.
What type of language is spoken at the hotel?
Languages spoken are english, spanish and chinese.
Are pets allowed at Hilton San Francisco Union Square?
Pets are only allowed upon request and an extra fee may be charged.
Are rooms air conditioned?
Rooms at the Hilton San Francisco Union Square are air conditioned
Are the rooms heated at Hilton San Francisco Union Square?
Hilton hotels are heated.
Are there Elevator available at the site?
Yes.Hilton San Franciso Union Square has Elevator.
Are there any places to eat at your hotel?
There is an on site coffee shop and buffet breakfast available for guests lounging at the Hilton San Francisco Union Square location.
Are there dry cleaning service offered?
There are dry cleaning services available at the Hilton San Francisco Union Square.
Are there facility for people with disability?
Yes, there are facilities for disabled guests.
Can I get an extra bed?
extra beds are not offered at Hilton San Francisco Union Square
Do i need to make reservations in advance?
Reservations are not needed at the Hilton San Francisco Union Square Hotel.
Do they have parking available?
Parking is available at the Hilton for a daily fee.
Do you have a concierge service?
Concierge service is available at this hotel.
Do you have a fitness center?
This Hilton has a fitness center.
Do you have an onsite bar and coffee shop.
This hotel offers an onsite bar and coffee shop.
Does Hilton San Francisco Union Square have 24-hour front desk service?
Hilton San Francisco Union Square have 24 hour front desk availability.
Does Hilton San Francisco Union Square have meeting or banquet facilities onsite?
Hilton San Francisco Union Square has meeting or banquet facilities onsite.
Does Hilton San Francisco Union Square provide any shuttle service?
No, Hilton San Francisco Union Square doesn't provide any shuttle service.
How long before I have to check out?
The check-out time at Hilton San Francisco Union Square is 11:00AM.
How much is the WiFi at this hotel?
The WiFi costs $12.95 for 24 hours at this hotel.
Is Wifi available for guests?
Yes, WiFi is available for purchase for $12.95 per 24 hours and is accessible in all areas of the hotel.
Is daily housekeeping provided at Hilton San Francisco Union Square?
Daily housekeeping is offered at the Hilton San Francisco Union Square.
Is there a place where we can smoke?
No there are no designated smoking areas
Is there parking and do I need reservations to use it?
Yes, there is parking available for both people with and without reservations.
What is the cost of parking at the site?
Parking at Hilton San Francisco Union Square costs 66.12 USD per day.
What language do staff at Hilton San Francisco Union Square speak?
They speak English, Arabic, German, Spanish, French, Hungarian, Italian, Japanese, Polish, Portuguese, Russian, Thai, Filipino, Ukrainian, Vietnamese, and Chinese at Hilton San Francisco Union Square.
What languages are spoken at Hilton San Francisco Union Square?
Languages spoken are: Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hungarian, Italian, Japanese, Polish, Portuguese, Russian, Thai, Filipino, Ukrainian, Vietnamese, and Chinese.
What time is check in at the hotel?
GUESTS CAN CHECK IN TO THE HILTON SAN FDANCISCO UNION SQUARE BETWEEN 3:00 PM AND 12:00 AM.
What type of payment method do you accept?
Most major credit cards are accepted at Hilton San Francisco Union Square.
Where can I leave my bags for a while after checkout?
The Hilton San Francisco Union Square does offer baggage storage service
Am I able to pay with my room with my credit card?
Payment methods at the Holiday Inn Express San Francisco-Union Square include American Express, Visa, Mastercard, Diners Club, JCB, Carte Blanche and Discover.
Are extra beds available for use at this hotel?
THE HOLIDAY INN EXPRESS SAN FRANCISCO-UNION SQUARE DOES NOT OFFER EXTRA BEDS.
Are the rooms at the Holiday Inn Express San Francisco-Union Square air conditioned?
Rooms at the Holiday Inn Express San Francisco-Union Square are air conditioned
Are there any WiFi at the site?
WiFi is available for free at Holiday inn Express San Francisco-Union Square.
Do you have a pet friendly room?
pets are not allowed at Holiday Inn Express San Francisco-Union Square
Do you have a snack bar in your building?
not mentioned
Snack bar
Does Holiday Inn Express San Francisco-Union Square have rooms with disability access?
Holiday Inn Express San Francisco-Union Square has rooms with disability access.
Does the hotel have a fitness center?
Yes, there is a fitness center available to guests.
Does this hotel have parking available on site?
No, parking is not availble at this hotel.
Is breakfast provided at Holiday Inn Express San Francisco-Union Square?
Continental breakfast is provided at Holiday Inn Express San Francisco-Union Square.
Is smoking allowed at the hotel or on the property?
The Holiday Inn Express San Francisco-Union Square is a non smoking hotel and you can't smoke on the property
Is there A/C and heat in the rooms?
The guest rooms are heated and air-conditioned.
Is there free wifi?
Free WiFi is offered at Holiday Inn Express San Francisco-Union Square.
Is there housekeeping service?
Daily housekeeping service is provided at Holiday Inn Express San Francisco-Union Square.
What time is check in?
Check in at the Holiday Inn Express San Francico- Union Square is at 3:00pm.
When is check-out time at Holiday Inn Express San Francisco - Union Square?
You may check out until 11:00 A.M.
When is front desk service available?
The front desk is open 24 hours at Holiday Inn Express San Francisco-Union Square.
Are the rooms heated?
Heating is available in the rooms at the Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf.
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Free WiFi is available at the Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf.
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Yes, WiFi is available and is free of charge.
Are there disability facility at Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf?
Rooms with disability access are available.
Check in and checkout time is when?
The check-in time begins at 3:00 PM.
Do you all have designated smoking areas?
There are designated smoking areas provided at Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf.
Do you have any places for meetings?
Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf does not offer meeting or banquet facilities.
Do you have extra beds available?
Extra beds are not offered at Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf.
Do you need a reservation to park at the Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf?
A reservation is not needed for parking at Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf.
Do you offer shuttle service from hotel ?
Shuttle service is provided at Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf.
Do you provide multi-lingual services?
Danish, English, Spanish, French, Italian, Chinese, and Japanese are spoken at Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf.
Does this hotel offer housekeeping?
This hotel offers free daily housekeeping.
Does this site offer dry cleaning services?
The Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf provides dry cleaning services for an additional charge.
How much is on site parking at Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf?
Private accessible parking is available on site and costs USD 58 per hour.
I have a small dog and want to know if I can bring her to the Holiday Inn?
Pets are not allowed.
Is air conditioning offered at this location?
Air conditioning is available at this hotel.
Is parking available?
The Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf offers parking for 58 dollars per hour.
Is there a lift at Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf?
Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf has a lift.
Is there any place to store my luggage at Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf?
The Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf has luggage storage service available
Is there concierge services onsite?
Concierge services are available at Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf.
What are the hours of the front desk at Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf?
Yes, the front desk is open for 24 hours.
What are your restaurants and bars at Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf?
There are no restaurant or bars onsite at the Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf.
What breakfast options are available at Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf?
There are no breakfast options at Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf.
What type of parking is available?
Parking is available at Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf.
What types of credit do you all take?
They accept visa, mastercard, and American express
When is the check out time?
The check-out time at Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf is until 12:00 PM.
Where can I work out when I stay at your at your hotel?
Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf has a fitness center onsite.
Are the rooms at Holiday Inn heated?
The rooms at Holiday Inn San Francisco-Golden Gateway are heated.
Are the rooms there air conditioned?
Rooms at Holiday Inn San Francisco-Golden Gateway are air conditioned.
Can you accommodate guests in wheelchairs?
The Holiday Inn San Francisco - Golden Gateway offers disability facilities for disabled guests.
Can you park your car there?
You can park your car at Holiday Inn San Francisco - Golden Gateway.
Do you have a lift?
Yes, Holiday Inn San Francisco - Golden Gateway has a lift.
Do you have a pet friendly room?
Pets are not allowed at Holiday Inn San Francisco - Golden Gaateway.
Do you have designated smoking areas?
There are no designated smoking areas at Holiday Inn San Francisco- Golden Gateway.
Do you have room service?
Room service is provided at Holiday Inn San Francisco - Golden Gateway.
Do you have to reserve parking?
Onsite parking does not require a reservation in advance.
Do you offer dry cleaning?
dry cleaning is available at Holiday Inn San Francisco - Golden Gateway
Do you offer extra beds?
This property doesn't offer extra beds.
Does the hotel have a pool?
Holiday Inn San Francisco- Golden Gateway has a swiming pool onsite.
Does this site have facility to hold banquet or meeting?
Holiday Inn San Francisco - Golden Gateway has meeting or banquet facilities onsite.
Does this site offer concierge service?
Concierge service is provided by the Holiday Inn San Francisco - Golden Gateway.
Does your hotel have any bars or food establishments onsite?
There is a bar and restaurant at the Holiday Inn San Francisco.
How long is your front desk open?
24-hour front desk service is available at Holiday Inn San Francisco - Golden Gateway.
If I need my luggage stored for any reason, would the hotel assist me with that?
Yes, Holiday Inn San Francisco - Golden Gateway offers baggage storage.
Is free WiFi available?
Free WiFi is available at Holiday Inn San Francisco - Golden Gateway.
Is there a bar or restaurant in the hotel?
Holiday Inn San Francisco - Golden Gateway has a restaurant and bar available but nothing specific is listed.
Is there a fitness center at the hotel?
Yes, the fitness center is available 24/7 at this hotel.
Is there private parking?
Private parking is available on site (reservation is not needed) and costs USD 46 per day.

Parking garage
Is wifi available and how much is it at Holiday Inn San Francisco?
There is no charge for WiFi, which is available in guest rooms.
What forms of payments do you accept?
This hotel accepts payment with Mastercard, Visa, Carte Blanche, Diners Club, JCB, Union Pay, and Discover.
What languages do you speak there?
English
Spanish
Japanese
Filipino
Chinese
What time is check out for this location?
The check-out time is at noon.
When is check in time?
The check-in time at the Holiday Inn San Francisco is 3:00pm and beyond.
Are there facility for people with disability?
At Hotel Bijou, the Queen Room has disability access.
Can I bring my dog tostay with me?
Pets are not allowed at Hotel Bijou.
Do I need reservation for parking at this site?
The Hotel Bijou does not offer reservations for parking, because they are not needed.
Do rooms have personal hvac systems?
Yes the rooms are heated.
Do they have a bar there?
There is a bar onsite at the hotel
Do you have an elevator at the hotel?
Yes, there is an elevator in the hotel.
Do you have any extra beds available by any chance?
Extra beds are not available at Hotel Bijou.
Do you have internet access?
Yes WiFi is available at the hotel.
Do you provide front desk services?
Hotel Bijou provides 24 hour front desk services.
Do you serve breakfast at the hotel?
A breakfast buffet is available at Hotel Bijou.
Does Hotel Bijou have a meeting facility?
Yes, Meeting/Banquet Facilities available with additional charges.
Does Hotel Bijou provide a luggage storage?
Yes, the Hotel Bijou does provide luggage storage.
Does housekeeping clean the rooms every day?
Yes, Hotel Bijou provides daily housekeeping services.
Does the hotel have parking available?
parking is available nearby for a fee of 45 dollars per day
Does the hotel provide concierge services?
Yes the hotel has concierge services
How much does parking cost at the Hotel Bijou?
Parking costs 45$ per day at Hotel Bijou.
Is there a fee for WiFi?
Hotel Bijou offers guest rooms with free WiFi.
Is there a shuttle service?
Yes, hotel does provide shuttle service
Is there any fitness center available at site?
there is no fitness center
Is there dry cleaning service at Hotel Bijou?
yes there is dry cleaning  service at an additional charge
May I smoke in my hotel room?
No, the Hotel Bijou is a smoke-free property.
What languages are spoken at the Hotel Bijou?
they claim to speak 5 languges
What payment methods can I use at Hotel Bijou?
The Hotel Bijou accepts Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Diner's Club International, and Discover.
When does the check-in time begin at Hotel Bijou?
Check in time starts from 3 PM at Hotel Bijou.
When is check out time at Hotel Bijou?
Check out time is between 7 AM to 12 PM at Hotel Bijou.
Are pets welcomed at the Hotel Boheme?
Pets are not allowed at all
Are the rooms at Hotel Boheme air-conditioned?
Yes, the rooms at Hotel Boheme have air-conditioning.
Do you happen to offer extra bedding?
Hotel Boheme does not offer extra beds.
Do you have a butler?
Yes, this hotel offers concierge.
Do you have a place to store my baggage?
yes there is baggage storage
Do you have smoking rooms available?
The Hotel Boheme is a smoke-free property.
Does Hotel Boheme have any meeting or banquet facilities?
There are not any meeting or banquet facilities available at Hotel Boheme.
Does Hotel Boheme have daily housekeeping?
Yes, this hotel provides daily housekeeping.
Does Hotel Boheme have fitness center or gym onsite?
The Hotel Boheme does not have any fitness centers or gyms onsite.
Does Hotel Boheme have heated rooms?
The rooms at Hotel Boheme are heated.
Does Hotel Boheme have swimming pool onsite?
There is no pool onsite at Hotel Boheme.
Does the hotel have wifi?
Yes, there is WiFi available.
Is Wi-Fi available at Hotel Boheme?
They provide Wi-Fi free of charge.
Is there any available parking?
There is no parking available at Hotel Boheme
What is the check-out time at Hotel Boheme?
Check-out time at the Hotel Boheme is 12:00 PM.
What time is check in?
The check-in time for the Hotel Boheme starts at 2 pm and ends at 11 pm.
What type of payment method do you accept?
Hotel Boheme accepts American Express, Visa, Mastercard and Discover.
Are extra beds available?
An extra bed can be requested for people 17+ in age. There is a $20 charge per night and per person.
Are rooms air conditioned?
Yes, air-conditioning is available in all rooms at Hotel Del Sol, a Joie de Vivre Hotel.
Are there extra fees for pets staying at this location?
There are no extra fees for pets staying at Hotel Del Sol.
Can you accommodate large groups?
No banquet facilities are available at Hotel Del Sol.
Can you tell me what check out time is?
Check-out time is until 12:00 p.m.
Do you have any smoking rooms available?
Hotel Del Sol, a Joie de Vivre Hotel is a smoke free property
Do you offer luggage storage service
As part of front desk services, luggage storage is offered.
Do you provide concierge service ?
Yes, they provide concierge service
Does Hotel Del Sol have accomodations for disabled guests?
Yes, the hotel has facilities for disabled guests.
Does the hotel have a pool?
There is an onsite pool at this property.
Does the hotel have central heating?
All rooms at Hotel Del Sol provide central heating.
Does this site offer daily housekeeping service?
yes there is daily house cleaning
How much is parking at the hotel?
Parking is 30usd per day.
How old do you have to be to check-in?
Guests must be 21 to check-in at Hotel Del Sol, a Joie de Vivre Hotel.
If I have trouble climbing stairs, will I be able to get to my room if it's on an upper floor?
Yes, an elevator is available.
Is a reservation needed at this location?
No reservation is needed for public parking that is available on site at Hotel Del Sol, a Joie de Vivre Hotel.
Is dry cleaning available at this location?
a dry cleaning service is available at Hotel Del Sol, a Joie de Vivre Hotel for a fee
Is free wifi available?
Free wifi is available
Is there 24-hour front desk service at Hotel Del Sol, a Joie de Vivre Hotel?
Yes, the front desk is available for 24 hour service.
Is there parking?
Yes, you can park at this hotel
What does WiFi cost at Hotel Del Sol?
WiFi is free of charge.
What is the check in time at the hotel?
Check in time at Hotel Del Sol is anytime after 3 PM.
What type of language is spoken at the hotel?
Languages spoken are English, Spanish, and French.
What type of parking is available?
Yes they have accessible parking and a parking garage.
What type of payment method do you accept?
Cash and credit card are accepted at the hotel
Are there concierge service offered?
Concierge service is available at the Hotel Drisco.
Can I have my luggage checked?
Hotel Drisco provides luggage services at the front desk
Do I need to make a parking reservation?
You do not need to make reservations for parking at Hotel Drisco. There is free public parking near the hotel. Reservations for parking are not possible.
Do they have a place to work out in?
Hotel Drisco does have a fitness center.
Do you have free daily housekeeping service?
Yes, Hotel Drisco offers free daily housekeeping service.
Does Hotel Drisco have 24-hour room service?
Yes, Hotel Drisco has 24-hour room service.
Does Hotel Drisco have WiFi?
The Hotel Drisco web site shows free WiFi available
Does Hotel Drisco offer extra beds?
Hotel Drisco doesn't offer extra beds.
Does the Hotel Drisco have an elevator?
The Hotel Drisco is listed as having an elevator, so yes.
Does this site have facility to hold banquet or meeting?
Hotel Drisco does have meeting and banquet facilities available.
Does this site offer dry cleaning services?
They offer dry cleaning service at an additional charge.
Is there continental breakfast available at Hotel Drisco?
There is a free continental breakfast at Hotel Drisco.
Is there parking at Hotel Drisco?
You cannot park your car at Hotel Drisco. However, parking is nearby and free for guests.
Is wifi available for guests?
Free wifi is provided at Hotel Drisco.
May I smoke at the hotel?
This is a smoke-free property.
What are the payment options for this location?
Most major credit cards are accepted at Hotel Drisco.
What is the fee for pets at Hotel Drisco?
There is no extra fee to stay with pets at Hotel Drisco because pets are not allowed.
What languages are spoken by your staff?
Languages spoken are Chinese, English, French, Filipino, and Vietnamese.
What time is check-check out?
Check-out time is until 12pm.
When can I check in?
Check-in time is from 3 pm.
When is front desk service available?
The front desk is open 24 hours at the Hotel Drisco.
Where should I park at the hotel?
Free public parking is available at a location nearby .
Are meeting and banquet facilities available at Hotel Griffon?
Meeting/Banquet facilities are available for an additional charge.
Are pets allowed?
Their website says that pets are not allowed.
Are rooms air conditioned?
Air conditioning is provided at Hotel Griffon.
Are there any WiFi at the site?
There is free WiFi available in all areas at Hotel Griffon.
Can I order an extra cot to be sent up to my room?
No, this property does not offer extra beds.
Do you have baggage storage?
The Hotel Griffon provides baggage storage.
Do you offer room service?
Yes, room service is listed under general amenities.
Do you provide things for disabled people?
Facilities for people with disabilities are provided at Hotel Griffon.
Do your rooms have heating?
Heating is a general amenity at Hotel Griffon.
Does the hotel have a restaurant or bar?
Hotel Griffon has a bar and restaurant onsite.
Does your hotel have an elevator?
no it does not have lift.
Does your hotel provide concierge service?
Hotel Groffon  provides concierge service
How long is the front desk open?
The front desk is open 24 hours at Hotel Griffon.
Is WiFi available at Hotel Griffon?
WiFi service is free for guests at Hotel Griffon.
Is daily housekeeping included?
Yes, Hotel Griffon provides daily housekeeping service.
Is dry cleaning available here?
Dry cleaning is available for an additional charge.
Is there accessible parking available for guests at the Hotel Griffon?
Accessible parking is available to guests at the Hotel Griffon.
Is there anywhere I can smoke?
There are no designated smoking areas at Hotel Griffon.
Is there parking available?
Yes, Hotel Griffon has private parking.
Should I make a reservation for a parking spot?
No reservation is required for parking.
What are the payment options for Hotel Griffon?
They accept American Express, Visa, Master Card, Diners Club, JCB, Discover, Carte Blanche, and UnionPay
What is the cost of parking at the site?
Private parking at the hotel is $55 per day.
What time can I check in to the Hotel Griffon?
GUESTS CAN CHECK IN TO THE HOTEL GRIFFON STARTING AT 3:00 PM.
What type of language is spoken at the hotel?
Hotel staff can speak English, Spanish, Russian, and Filipino.
what time do I need to checkout by?
The check-out time at the Hotel Griffon  is at 11:00am.
Are extra bed available?
Extra beds can be requested for a fee of $50 per person, per night and are subject to availability.
Are rooms air conditioned?
Yes, the rooms here are air-conditioned.
Are you a wheelchair accessible hotek?
The Hotel Kabuki, a Joie de Vivre Hotel includes disability access.
Can I take a shuttle to the airport from the hotel?
Airport shuttle services are available at the Hotel Kabuki.
Do I need to make reservations and is valet parking available?
Reservations are not necessary. Valet parking is available, as well as free self-parking.
Do you have a lift?
The hotel does have a lift
Do you have meeting and banquet facilities?
Yes, Hotel Kabuki, a Joie de Vivre Hotel has meeting or banquet facilities with additional charges.
Do you have parking available?
the Hotel Kabuki, a Joie de Vivre Hotel has parking onsite
Do you offer any kind of meals?
Coffee and continental breakfast are offered.
Does Hotel Kabuki, a Joie de Vivre Hotel offer free WiFi service?
Free WiFi is available at Hotel Kabuki, a Joie de Vivre Hotel.
Does the hotel offer a dry cleaning service?
Dry cleaning is available at extra charge for Hotel Kabuki, a Joie de Vivre Hotel.
Does this site have designated smoking area?
Hotel Kabuki, a Joie de Vivre Hotel has a designed smoking area.
Does your hotel have heating and a/c?
Hotel Kabuki, a Joie de Vivre Hotel has heating and air conditioning.
How often are the rooms cleaned?
The housekeeping service at Hotel Kabuki Hotel is performed on a daily basis.
Is baggage storage offered at Hotel Kabuki, a Joie de Vivre Hotel?
The front desk offers baggage storage for guests at Hotel Kabuki, a Joie de Vivre Hotel.
Is there a fitness center at the hotel?
Hotel Kabuki, a Joie de Vivre Hotel offers a fitness center
May I bring a pet with me?
Pets are Allowed.charges may apply
What are the hours for the front desk?
The front desk at Hotel Kabuki, a Joie de Vivre Hotel is open for 24 hours.
What are the parking options for Hotel Kabuki, a Joie de Vivre Hotel?
Private parking is available on site at Hotel Kabuki, a Joie de Vivre Hotel for USD $50 per day.
What food and drink amenities are offered at your hotel?
The Hotel Kabuki, a Joie de Vivre Hotel has a restaurant and a bar onsite.
What kind of services can guests have at the Hotel Kabuki?
Concierge services are provided to guests at the Hotel Kabuki.
What languages are spoken at the Hotel Kabuki?
Five languages are spoken at the hotel; English, Spanish, Portuguese, Chinese, and Filipino.
What time is check in at Hotel Kabuki?
Check in at Hotel Kabuki, a Joie de Vivre Hotel is 3:00pm.
What type of payment method do you accept?
Payment methods accepted by this hotel include American Express, Visa, MasterCard, Diners Club International, JCB, and Discover.
When is check out time?
Check out time is 12:00PM.
With the wifi, is it available everywhere of the hotel?
There is free WiFi available in all areas at the Hotel Kabuki.
i was wonering if you guys include  breakfast  for free.
Private parking is available on-site for $50 per day.
Am I able to smoke at the hotel?
The rooms at the Hotel Nikko San Francisco are non-smoking, and it is unclear whether there is a designated smoking area.
Are reservations required at this location?
Reservations are not required for parking at Hotel Nikko San Francisco.
Are there any WiFi at the site?
There is free WiFi available in all areas at Hotel Nikko San Francisco.
Are there any pools available?
Yes, Hotel Nikko San Francisco has an onsite swimming pool.
Can I access an extra bed if needed?
Extra beds are available at Hotel Nikko San Francisco
Can my dog stay in the room with me?
Charges may apply if you bring your pet.
DO you have climate control?
Rooms are heated at the Hotel Nikko San Francisco
Do you have a workout facility?
Yes, the fitness center is available to use for an additional charge.
Do you have facilities to accommodate a business meeting?
The Hotel Nikko San Francisco has meeting and banquet facilities, but for an additional charge.
Do you have room service?
The Hotel Nikko San Francisco offers room service for the convenience of their guests.
Do you offer free wi fi there?
WiFi is free in all rooms at Hotel Nikko.
Do you provide a concierge service?
Yes, Hotel Nikko San Francisco does provide concierge service.
How much does parking cost?
Parking at Hotel Nikko San Francisco costs 65 USD per day.
Is disability access available?
Rooms with disability access are available here.
Is dry cleaning offered there?
Yes, this hotel provides dry cleaning service at an additional charge.
Is housekeeping provided daily?
Daily housekeeping is provided at Hotel Nikko San Francisco.
Is there a bar or restaurant on site?
There is a restaurant and bar onsite at the Hotel Nikko San Francisco
Is there a provision for luggage storage at Hotel Nikko San Francisco?
Baggage Storage is available at Hotel Nikko San Francisco.
Is there an elevator at the hotel?
the Hotel Nikko San Francisco has an elevator available
Is there private parking on site?
Yes, private parking is available on-site.
What credit cards do you acceot at Hotel Nikko?
This hotel accepts the following cards: American Express, VISA, MasterCard, JCB and Discover.
What languages are spoken at the hotel?
They speak German, English, Spanish, French, Japanese, Russian, Filipino, Turkish, Vietnamese, and Chinese
What meals do you provide?
Continental, Vegetarian, Vegan, Halal, Gluten-free, Kosher, Asian, American, Buffet are available for breakfast at Hotel Nikko San Francisco.
What time is check in at Hotel Nikko San Francisco?
check in time is 3pm at Hotel Nikko San Francisco
What time is check out?
Guest have until 11 am to check out of the hotel.
When is front desk service available?
The Hotel Nikko San Francisco has a 24-hour front desk.
Which rooms in your hotel offer air conditioning ?
All rooms include air conditioning.
Are the rooms air conditioned?
Yes, the rooms at Hotel Riu Plaza Fisherman's Wharf are air-conditioned.
Are your rooms heated?
Yes the rooms are heated
Can I request an extra bed?
There is no room for extra beds at this site
Do you allow dogs at Hotel Riu Plaza Fisherman's Wharf?
No, pets are not allowed at Hotel Riu Plaza Fisherman's Wharf.
Do you have a restaurant and bar onsite at Hotel Riu Plaza Fisherman's Wharf?
A restaurant and bar are onsite at the Hotel Riu Plaza Fisherman's Wharf.
Do you have a smoking area?
Hotel Riu Plaza Fisherman's Wharf does not have a designated smoking area.
Do you take parking reservations?
A parking reservation is not available.
Does the hotel have an elevator?
The Hotel Riu Plaza Fisherman's Wharf  has elevators available
Does the hotel offer internet access?
Free wifi is available in the hotel lobby.
Does your hotel offer room service?
Room service is available at Hotel Riu Plaza Fisherman's Wharf.
How much does parking cost?
Parking at Hotel Riu Plaza Fisherman's Wharf costs 45 USD a day.
How much to reserve a parking space?
You can park your car at Hotel Riu Plaza Fisherman's Wharf.
How often can I request maid service?
Daily housekeeping is provided at the Hotel Riu Plaza Fisherman's Wharf.
I have alot of suitcases, will that be a problem?
Yes, Hotel Riu Plaza Fisherman's Wharf provides baggage storage for an additional charge.
If we have a guest in a wheelchair, do you have rooms to accommodate them?
The Hotel Riu Plaza Fisherman's Wharf has rooms with disability access
Is WiFi available at Hotel Riu Plaza Fisherman's Wharf?
WiFi is available in all rooms at the Hotel Riu Plaza Fisherman's Wharf.
Is parking available at Hotel Riu Plaza Fisherman's Wharf?
Yes, for an additional charge.
Is the front desk open late?
Yes the front desk is open 24 hours a day
Is there a fitness center at Hotel Riu Plaza Fisherman's Wharf?
A fitness center is located on site at Hotel Riu Plaza Fisherman's Wharf.
Is there any swimming pool onsite?
Hotel Riu Plaza Fisherman's Wharf has a swimming pool onsite.
Is there concierge service at teh Hotel Riu Plaza Fisherman's Wharf?
Concierge service is provided at Hotel Riu Plaza Fisherman's Wharf.
What are your breakfast options?
Hotel Riu Fisherman's Wharf offers breakfast options such as Bread, Pastries, Butter, Cheese, Cold meat and Eggs.
What is the check in time?
The check-in time at the Hotel Riu Plaza Fisherman's Wharf is at 3:00pm.
What is the minimum age requirement for check-in?
21 is the minimum age for check-in.
What type of payment method do you accept?
There are four different credit and debit cards available for payment at the Hotel Riu Plaza Fisherman's Wharf.
When is the check out time?
Check out time is 24/7 at Hotel Riu Plaza Fisherman's Wharf.
is parking available?
Parking is available at the hotel for a daily charge.
Are there Elevator available at the site?
Elevator and disabled facilities are available at the Spero Hotel.
Are there any restaurants near the hotel?
Jasper's Corner Tap and Kitchen is available at this hotel.
Are there smoking area available?
There are no designated smoking areas at Hotel Spero.
Do I need to make a reservation for parking?
Reservations are not required for parking at Hotel Spero.
Do you have an onsite fitness center?
The Hotel Spero has a fitness center available for its guests.
Do you offer extra beds?
The Hotel Spero does not offer extra beds.
Do you offer wifi services?
WiFi is available at Hotel Spero, however, charges do apply.
Does Hotel Spero have swimming pool onsite?
The Hotel Spero does not have a swimming pool.
Does Hotel Spero provide any concierge service?
Hotel Spero does not provide any concierge service.
Does the Hotel Spero have facilities for disabled guests?
Yes, Hotel Spero provides facilities for disabled guests.
Does this site have facility to hold banquet or meeting?
The Hotel Spero has meeting and banquet facilities
Is air-conditioning available in the rooms at Hotel Spero?
Yes, the rooms are air-conditioned.
Is dry cleaning available?
Dry cleaning is available at additional charge at Hotel Spero.
Is heating available?
Yes, heating is available.
Is housekeeping available while I'm staying there?
The Hotel Spero has daily housekeeping service
Is luggage storage offered at Hotel Spero?
Yes they offer baggage storage
Is the front desk always manned?
The front desk is open for 24 hours at Hotel Spero.
Is there a fee for having pets?
There is an extra fee for pets to stay a Hotel Spero.
Is there a fee for parking?
Parking is available for $66.12 a day at Hotel Spero.
Is wifi free there?
charges apply for wifi at Hotel Spero
What is the check-in time at Hotel Spero?
Check-in time is 3:00p or later.
What languages are spoken at Hotel Spero?
The languages spoken here are English, Spanish, Filipino, and Chinese.
What payment methods are available at Hotel Spero?
American Express, Visa, Discover and Mastercard are all accepted.
What time is check out?
Check-out time is until 12:00 p.m. at Hotel Spero.
What type of parking is available?
Yes, Hotel Spero has parking.
What type of parking is available?
The Hotel Spero has accessible parking.
Are extra beds offered at Hotel Sunrise?
Extra beds are not offered at Hotel Sunrise.
Are pets allowed at  Hotel Sunrise?
no pets allowed
Are the rooms at Hotel Sunrise air-conditioned?
Yes, the rooms at Hotel Sunrise are air-conditioned.
Are the rooms heated?
Yes, the rooms are heated.
Check in and checkout time is when?
Check-out time is until 11:00am
Do I need to pay any security deposit to stay there?
Hotel Sunrise requires a $200 dollar damage deposit upon arrival
Do you have daily housekeeping?
Yes, Hotel Sunrise has daily housekeeping.
Do you provide luggage storage?
The Hotel Sunrise does provide luggage storage service and is listed as "Baggage storage" under "Front Desk Services".
Does Hotel Sunrise provide room service?
Hotel Sunrise does provide room service.
Hi, do you have wifi at the hotels for guests?
WiFi is free at Hotel Sunrise.
Is an airport drop-off service available?
Yes, airport drop-off and shuttle service is available for an additional charge.
Is it safe to smoke inside the room?
The rooms at the Hotel Sunrise are non-smoking, and it is unclear if there are any designated smoking areas.
Is the front desk available 24/7?
Yes, the front desk is available 24 hours.
Is there a charge for using the Wifi?
WiFi is free of charge at Hotel Sunrise.
Is there any parking?
No, the Hotel Sunrise does not have parking available.
What time is checkin?
check in is 3pm at Hotel Sunrise
What types of credit cards do you all take?
This hotel accepts American Express, Visa, Mastercard, and Discover.
Where is the nearest laundromat if you're staying at Hotel Sunrise?
Laundry service is available at Hotel Sunrise.
Are concierge services available?
the Hotel Vitale, a Joie de Vivre Hotel offers concierge services
Are pets are allowed at Hotel Vitale, a Joie de Vivre Hotel?
Pets are allowed at Hotel Vitale, a Joie de Vivre Hotel but there may be an additional charge.
Are the rooms at the Hotel Vitale, a Joie de Vivre Hotel air conditioned?
Air-conditioning is provided at the Hotel Vitale.
Are there areas I can book for meetings or banquets?
Meeting and banquet facilities are provided at Hotel Vitale, a Joie de Vivre Hotel.
Are there facility for people with disability?
They do offer rooms for disabled guests.
Are there smoking area available?
There are no designated smoking areas at Hotel Vitale, a Joie de Vivre Hotel.
Can I get help from the front desk at any time?
The front desk at Hotel Vitale, a Joie de Vivre Hotel is open for 24 hours.
Do you offer parking at your facility?
Parking is available for 62.70 per day at the Hotel Vitale, a Joie de Vivre Hotel.
Does Gotel Vitale have a lift/elevator?
No the Hotel Vitale, a Joie de Vivre Hotel does not have  a lift.
Does the Hotel Vitale, a Joie de Vivre Hotel, have a fitness center?
The Hotel Vitale has a fitness center onsite.
Does this location provide baggage or luggage storage?
The Hotel Vitale does include baggage storage.
Does this site offer dry cleaning services?
Yes, they provide dry cleaning at an extra charge.
Is the WiFi free at this location?
yes, free WiFi is provided in every room
Is there a fee for using WiFi?
WiFi is free at this hotel.
Is there an age restriction to stay there?
There is no age restriction
Is there daily housekeeping at the Hotel Vitale, a Joie de Vivre Hotel?
Daily housekeeping service is provided at Hotel Vitale, a Joie de Vivre Hotel.
Is there heating or air conditioning in your rooms?
Guest rooms at the Hotel Vitale, a Joie de Vivre Hotel, have air conditioning/heat.
Is there private parking available?
Private parking is available at a location nearby (reservation is not needed) and costs USD 62.70 per day.

Accessible parking
Parking garage
Street parking
Secure parking
Is there room service at Hotel Vitale, a Joie de Vivre Hotel?
Room service is provided at Hotel Vitale, a Joie de Vivre Hotel.
What credit cards do you accept as payment options?
American Express, Visa, MasterCard, Discover
What is your check-in time?
Check-in time at Hotel Vitale, a Joie de Vivre Hotel is 3:00 p.m.
What languages are spoken at Hotel Vitale, a Joie de Vivre Hotel?
They speak English, Spanish, French, Portuguese, Filipino, and Chinese
What meals do you provide?
Breakfast can be eaten from the Americano Restaurant & Bar.
What time is check-out?
The check-out time at Hotel Vitale, a Joie de Vivre is at 11:00 AM.
What type of parking is available?
Accessible parking is available at Hotel Vitale, a Joie de Vivre Hotel.
What type of parking is available?
Parking is available at accessible site,garage,Street, and secure site for private Hotel Vitale, a Joie de Vivre Hotel's customers.
What type of resturant is available at the site?
The Americano Restaurant and Bar are located at the Hotel Vitale.
do you guys provide  free breakfast
The maximum number of extra beds and cribs allowed depends on the room you choose. Double-check your selected room for the maximum capacity.

All cribs and extra beds are subject to availability.
Are extra bed provided?
Extra beds are available at the Hotel Zelos San Francisco
Are the rooms at Hotel Zelos San Francisco heated?
Yes, the rooms at this hotel are heated.
Can I bring my dog to Hotel Zelos San Francisco?
Yes, for an additional charge
Can you let me know if there is an elevator in the hotel?
Yes, the hotel has an elevator.
Do you allow pets and if so is there an associated pet fee?
Additional fees may be applied for pets to stay at Hotel Zelos San Francisco.
Do you serve breakfast?
Continental breakfast options are available.
Does Hotel Zelos San Francisco offer concierge services?
Concierge services are available at the Hotel Zelos San Francisco
Does Hotel Zelos San Francisco provide room service?
Yes, Hotel Zelos San Francisco provides room service.
Does this location have a twenty four hour fitness center?
The hotel has a 24 hour fitness center.
Does this site have designated smoking area?
There is no designated smoking area because smoking is not allowed.
Does you hotel offer disability access?
Disability access is provided at Hotel Zelos San Francisco.
Hi there, I need to make certain there is air conditioning correct?
The rooms at Hotel Zelos San Francisco have air-conditioning.
Hi, can you let me know if you have dry cleaning at your hotel?
Dry cleaning service is provided at an additional charge.
How much is parking at Hotel Zelos?
Parking is available at the Hotel Zelos San Francisco for 55 dollars per day.
Is Wi-Fi available and is it free?
Yes wi-fi is available, and it is free.
Is a reservation needed to park at Hotel Zelos San Francisco?
No reservation is needed for parking at Hotel Zelos San Francisco.
Is there a bar and restaurant at the Hotel Zelos San Francisco?
There is a bar and restaurant called Dirty Habit.
Is there parking at Hotel Zelos?
Yes, you can park at Hotel Zelos San Francisco as there is free private parking available.
What are the hours for the front desk?
The Hotel Zelos San Francisco's front desk is open 24 hours.
What could I do with my luggage after I check out?
The Hotel Zelos San Francisco offers luggage storage services
What is the check in time at the hotel?
Check-in time begins at 3:00 pm.
What is the cost of WiFi at this location?
WiFi is free throughout Hotel Zelos San Francisco.
What payment types do you accept?
American Express, Visa, MasterCard, and Discover are accepted.
What's the check-out time at Hotel Zelos San Francisco?
Check-out time is at 12:00pm at Hotel Zelos San Francisco.
Are meeting and banquet facilities available at Hotel Zephyr San Francisco?
Meeting and banquet facilities are available at Hotel Zephyr San Francisco.
Are there heated rooms available at Hotel Zephyr San Francisco?
Heating is available in rooms at Hotel Zephyr San Francisco.
Can I ask for an extra bed?
Extra beds are not offered at Hotel Zephyr San Francisco.
Can I get my room cleaned every day?
Yes, there is a daily housekeeping service.
Can I go ahead and reserve a parking spot?
A reservation is not needed for parking at Hotel Zephyr San Francisco.
Can you let me know when check-out time is?
The check-out time at Hotel Zephyr San Francisco is between 1:00AM - 11:00AM.
Do I have to pay for parking?
Parking costs $66.12 each day at this hotel.
Do you all have a bar?
There is a bar here.
Do you all have onsite dry cleaning?
Dry cleaning services are available for an additional charge at the Hotel Zephyr San Francisco.
Do you charge for pets?
There may be an additional fee for pets.
Do you have WiFi in the rooms?
WiFi is available though charges will apply.
Do you have special rooms for people with disabilities?
Rooms offering disability access are available at Hotel Zephyr San Francisco.
Does Hotel Zephyr San Francisco offer baggage storage?
Yes, this hotel offers baggage storage.
Does this hotel have fitness center?
Yes, this hotel offers a fitness center.
Hi, can you tell me if you have a lift at your hotel?
Hotel Zephyr San Francisco does not have lift. They have elevators but not lift.
How can I book a room?
Yes, through the Front Desk.
I have to have a cool room, are all your rooms air conditioned?
Air-conditioning is available for rooms at Hotel Zephyr San Francisco.
Is there a breakfast included?
You can grab breakfast at The Camper, which is a quick-serve onsite dining option with locally-sourced food.
Is there free parking available?
Hotel Zephr has parking available for a fee.
Is tthe Hotel Zephyr San Francisco open 24 hours a day?
Yes, reception is open 24 hours a day.
Is your staff multilingual?
There are nine different languages spoken.
What is the minimum age for check-in?
THere is an age restriction of 21 to check-in at Hotel Zephyr San Francisco.
What payments are used at the Hotel Zephyr San Francisco?
This hotel accepts American Express, Visa, Mastercard, Diners Club International, JCB, and Discover.
What time can I check in to the hotel?
The check-in time at Hotel Zephyr San Francisco is 4:00PM.
Where are the smoking areas?
Smoking is not permitted at this hotel.
how much is WiFi for guests?
The WiFi is free.
Are extra bed available?
No, this hotel does not offer extra beds.
Are pets allowed at this location?
A request must be made for a pet to stay at the hotel and there will be an additional charge.
Are the rooms air conditioned?
Air condition is available in rooms at Hotel Zoe Fisherman's Wharf.
Are there heating on the rooms?
The rooms at Hotel Zoe Fisherman's Wharf are heated.
Can you accommodate large groups?
Yes, meeting and business facilities are available for an additional charge
Do I need reservation for parking at this site?
no reservation is needed for parking at the hotel zoe fishermans wharf.
Do you happen to have dry cleaning at the hotel?
The Hotel Zoe Fisherman's Wharf offers dry cleaning service for an additional fee.
Do you have an elevator?
the Hotel Zoe Fisherman's Wharf has an elevator
Do you have rooms available with disability access?
Yes, rooms with disability access are available.
Do you provide room service?
Room service is provided at Hotel Zoe Fisherman's Wharf.
Does Hotel Zoe Fisherman's Wharf have swimming pool onsite?
Hotel Zoe Fisherman's Wharf does not have a swimming pool.
Does the hotel have a pool?
It does not appear to.
Does the hotel offer shuttle service?
The Hotel Zoe Fisherman's Wharf offers shuttle service.
Does this site offer concierge service?
Yes, the Hotel Zoe Fisherman's Wharf does provide concierge service.
How much does parking cost at Hotel Zoe Fisherman's Wharf?
Parking is available for $60 dollars per day.
How much to get onto your wireless?
WiFi is free at Hotel Zoe Fisherman's Wharf
I was wondering if you had any dining options while staying there?
There is a restaurant and bar at Hotel Zoe Fisherman's Wharf.
Is the front desk open 24/7?
The front desk is open 24 hours per day at Hotel Zoe Fisherman's Wharf.
Is there  a fitness center at Hotel Zoe Fisherman's Wharf?
There is a fitness center at Hotel Zoe Fisherman's Wharf.
Is there any private parking?
private parking is available.
Is there daily housekeeping at Hotel Zoe Fisherman's Wharf?
There is daily housekeeping at Hotel Zoe Fisherman's Wharf.
Is there wifi available?
WiFi service is available in all areas and is free of charge at Hotel Zoe Fisherman's Wharf, San Francisco.
What is the check in time?
Check-in time at the Hotel Zoe Fisherman's Wharf is 3:00 PM to 12:00 AM.
What type of parking is available?
Hotel Zoe Fisherman's Wharf has accessible parking.
When is the check-out time?
The check-out time is until 12:00pm at the Hotel Zoe Fisherman's Wharf.
Where are the smoking areas?
The Hotel Zoe Fisherman's Wharf is a smoke-free property.
Which payment methods do you accept?
Hotel Zoe Fisherman's Wharf accepts Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover as payment methods.
Are parking reservations accepted at Howard Johnson by Wyndham San Francisco Marina District?
There are no parking reservations available
Are pets allowed on site?
There is no extra fee to stay with pets, since pets are not allowed at the Howard Johnson hotel.
Can I smoke in the hotel?
it is a smoke free property
Check in and checkout time is when?
The check-out time at the Howard Johnson by Wyndham San Francisco Marina District is until 12:00 p.m., noon.
Do they have luggage storage?
No mention of luggage storage but when I asked a question it says they do provide luggage storage.
Do you have banquest facilities?
No Such Facility
Do you have guides?
Yes they do, knowledgeable staff is available to guide patrons.
Do you have heat at your hotel?
The rooms are heated.
Do you offer disability access rooms?
Yes, this hotel provides double and queen rooms with disability access.
Do you offer room service?
The Howard Johnson by Wyndham San Francisco Marina District does provide room service.
Does the hotel have ample parking?
Parking is available at Howard Johnson by Wyndham San Francisco Marina District.
How much does it cost for the Wi-Fi?
Free! It costs nothing.
How often will my room be cleaned during my week long stay?
a daily housekeeping service is provided
I was wondering if you have accessible parking there.
Howard Johnon b Wyndham San Francisco Marina District has accessible parking.
Is dry cleaning including with my nightly costs?
it offers dry cleaning services for an additional charge.
Is free WiFi available at Howard Johnson by Wyndham San Francisco Marina District?
Free wi-fi is available throughout the Howard Johnson by Wyndham San Francisco Marina District.
Is parking available at this establishment?
Nearby parking is available for a charge of $28.00 per day.
Is there a deposit?
A $50 USD deposit is required upon arrival.
Is there a way to get a room with 3 beds?
There is no extra beds option at the hotel
Is there air conditioning in the rooms at Howard Johnson by Wyndham San Francisco Marina District?
Rooms at the Howard Johnson by Wyndham San Francisco Marina District are air conditioned
What are the hours of the front desk?
The front desk of the Howard Johnson by Wyndham San Francisco Marina District is open 24 hours.
What forms of credit cards are accepted?
Visa, Mastercard, Amex and Discover.
What is the age requirmenet to check in?
There us no age restriction to check-in at Howard Johnson by Wyndham San Francisco Marina District.
What is the earliest I can check in?
Check-in time is 3:00 p.m.
What type of breakfast items are available?
The Howard Johnson by Wyndham San Francisco Marina District offers fruit and bottled water.
What type of language is spoken at the hotel?
English and Hindi are the languages which are spoken at this hotel.
Are banquet facilities available at Hyatt Centric Fisherman's Wharf San Francisco?
Hyatt Centric Fisherman's Wharf San Francisco has meeting and banquet facilities available for an additional price.
Are extra bed available?
Extra beds are not available.
Are the rooms at Hyatt Centric Fisherman's Wharf San Francisco air conditioned?
The rooms at Hyatt Centric Fisherman's Wharf San Francisco are air-conditioned.
Can I get dry cleaning services there?
The Hyatt Centric Fisherman's Wharf San Francisco has dry cleaning services available
Do I need to make reservations to park my car at the hotel?
a parking reservation is not needed at the Hyatt Centric Fisherman's Wharf San Francisco
Do you have a bar and restaurant?
Yes, there are onsite bars and restaurants.
Do you have a gym on premises?
Yes, they do have a fitness center.
Do you have an onsite concierge service?
a concierge service is available at Hyatt Centric Fisherman's Wharf San Francisco
Do you have lifts to get to higher floors at Hyatt Centric Fisherman's Wharf San Francisco?
Hyatt Centric Fisherman's Wharf San Francisco does have elevators.
Do you have onsite storage services?
The Hyatt Centric Fisherman's Wharf San Francisco provides the option of storing luggage.
Do you have parking avaible at your hotel?
Parking is available on-site.
Does the hotel have heat in the rooms?
There is heating in the rooms.
Does your hotel provide breakfast?
There is an American and buffet breakfast
Is free wifi available?
Wifi is free at Hyatt Centric center Fishermans Wharf san francisco.
Is the front desk open 24 hours?
Yes, the front desk at Hyatt Centric Fisherman's Wharf San Francisco opens for 24 hours.
Is there a fee for parking at Hyatt Centric Fisherman's Wharf San Francisco?
Parking costs $62.00 per day.
Is there somewhere in the building where I can smoke a cigarette?
Yes, they do have a designated smoking area.
Is there transportation provided?
There is shuttle service
May I bring my dog to stay with me?
Yes, pets are allowed to stay at Hyatt Centric Fisherman's Wharf San Francisco for an extra charge.
What bedding and room sizes do you offer?
There are double, queen and king rooms available with disability access at the Hyatt Centric Fisherman's Wharf San Francisco.
What is the check-in time at Hyatt Centric Fisherman's Wharf San Francisco?
check in is at 4 pm
What is the check-out time at the hotel?
Check-out time at Hyatt Centric Fisherman's Wharf San Francisco is 11:00 am.
What languages are spoken at Hyatt Centric Fisherman's Wharf San Francisco?
English and Spanish are spoken at the hotel.
What payment options are accepted at this location?
This Hyatt accepts American Express, Visa, Mastercard, Discover, Diners Club, Japan Credit Bureau  and Union Pay International.
What type of fun activity is available at site?
There is an onsite pool.
Where do I have access to wireless, and how much will it cost?
Free Wifi is available at this Hyatt property
Are the rooms in your hotel heated?
Yes the rooms are heated at the Hyatt Place San Francisco/Downtown.
Are there dry cleaning services on site or nearby?
Dry cleaning is available for an extra charge at the Hyatt Place San Francisco/Downtown.
Do you all have private parking?
Private parking can be arranged for an additional charge.
Do you allow pets in the rooms?
Pets are not allowed.
Do you charge for wifi?
WiFi is free of charge.
Do you have AC?
There is air conditioning in the rooms.
Do you have Wifi and how much does it cost?
WiFi is available at the Hyatt Place San Francisco/Downtown and is free of charge to guests.
Do you have any smoking rooms?
No, they are a smoke free property.
Does Hyatt Place San Francisco/Downtown have a lift?
yes the Hyatt Place has a lift.
Does Hyatt Place San Francisco/Downtown provide daily housekeeping service?
Daily housekeeping is available at Hyatt Place San Francisco/Downtown.
Does the hotel serve breakfast?
They serve a buffet style breakfast daily.
How much will it cost to park my car during my stay?
Parking costs $65 USD per day to park.
Is it possible to get extra beds there?
You can ask for extra beds at Hyatt Place San Francisco/Downtown,
Is there a gym on the premises?
There is an on-site fitness facility at the Hyatt Place San Francisco/Downtown.
Is there any restaurant or bar onsite at Hyatt Place San Francisco/Downtown?
Hyatt Place San Francisco/Downtown does not have a restaurant or bar onsite.
What hours is the front desk open for check ins?
The front desk at Hyatt Place San Francisco/Downtown is open 24 hours.
What is the check-in time for Hyatt Place San Francisco/Downtown?
3:00 p.m. is the check-in time for Hyatt Place San Francisco/Downtown.
What kind of reserved parking does Hyatt Place have?
The Hyatt Place San Francisco/Downtown does not allow reservation but offers private parking instead.
What type of payment method do you accept?
This Hyatt Place accepts American Express, Visa and Mastercard.
When is the check out time?
Daily check-out time is 11:00 AM.
how old should I be to book a room?
The minimum age to check in is 18.
Are meeting and banquet facilities available at Hyatt Regency San Francisco?
Meeting and banquet facilities are available for an additional charge.
Are reservations needed for Hyatt Regency SF?
Reservations are not needed at the Hyatt Regency San Francisco in advance.
Are there any WiFi at the site?
There is no cost to use wifi
Are there smoking area available?
Yes, the Hyatt Regency San Francisco has a designated smoking area.
Are you able to control temperatures in your room?
Yes, rooms at Hyatt Regency San Francisco are individually temperature controlled.
Can I get a disabled room?
Yes, disability access rooms are available at Hyatt Regency San Francisco.
Do the rooms have internet?
Free wi-fi available.
Do you allow pets in your hotel?
Pets are allowed on request. Charges may apply.
Do you have a butler?
Yes, Concierge is offered as a service
Do you have a fitness center in the hotel?
Yes there is a fitness center onsite.
Do you have a way to keep my bags after checkout if I'm staying over for a few hours?
Yes, the Hyatt Regency San Francisco provided luggage storage service.
Do you have an elevator?
Yes it has lift.
Do you have parking available?
Yes parking is available
Do you have room service?
Yes, they provide room service.
Does Hyatt Regency San Francisco have a bar?
There is a bar onsite.
Does Hyatt Regency have daily housekeeping?
Hyatt Regency San Francisco provides daily housekeeping service.
How much is parking at Hyatt Regency San Francisco?
Parking is USD 75.24 a day.
Is dry cleaning including with my stay?
There is additional charge for dry cleaning service provided at Hyatt Regency San Francisco.
Is there any security deposit required to stay at Hyatt Regency San Francisco?
Security deposit is not required at Hyatt Regency San Francisco.
Sure, I am looking for a hotel that offer extra beds do you?
Extra beds are not available.
What forms of payment do you accept?
The accepted methods are Visa, Mastercard, Discover, American Express, Diner's Club, JCB, and UnionPay.
What languages are spoken the Hyatt Regency San Francisco?
english, spanish and chinese are spoken
What time does the front desk close ?
There is 24 hour front-desk access available
What type of food does the restaurant at the hotel serve?
American and buffet style
When can I check into my room?
The Hyatt check-in time is 4:00 pm and is listed at the bottom of the web page in the House Rules section
When is the check out time?
You can check-out until 12:00pm
Will there be air conditioning in my room?
the rooms at Hyatt Regency San Francisco are air conditioned
Are extra beds available at Inn at the Opera?
The Inn does not offer extra beds.
Are room service provided at the Inn?
Yes, room service is provided.
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Free Wifi at the Inn at the Opera.
Are there elevators at the Inn at the Opera?
Yes, elevators are available at the Inn at the Opera.
Are there smoking area available?
The Inn at the Opera is a smoke free property.
Do I need reservation for parking at the Hotel?
You do not need to make a reservation in advance for parking at Inn at the Opera.
Do you provide any dry cleaning services?
Yes, they provide dry cleaning.
Does the Inn accept credit cards?
The hotel accepts American Express, Discover, Mastercard and Visa.
Does this facility have a big banquet room?
Inn at the Opera does not seem to list any banquet facilities.
I want to know if the rooms are heated?
The rooms are heated.
Is there extra fees for pets at the Inn at the Opera?
There is no extra fees for pets at the Inn at the Opera, since pets are not allowed.
What dining options do you have?
The Inn at the Opera offers guests a free continental breakfast and there are also three restaurants to choose from.
What is the charge to park at Inn at the Opera?
The charge to park at the Inn at the Opera is thirty five dollars per day.
What is the minimum age for check-in at Inn at the Opera?
To check-in at Inn at the Opera, you must be at least 21 years old.
What time can I check in?
The Inn has a 4:00 check in time listed in the house rules section
What type of parking is available?
Parking is available on-site.
When is front desk service available?
The front desk is open 24 hours a day.
When is housekeeping everyday?
Daily housekeeping is listed.
When would we need to check-out of the hotel?
Check-out time is 11 am.
Where can I leave my bags for a while after checkout?
Yes there is luggage service provide, please ask at the front desk.
Where is the Plaj Scandinavian Restaurant located?
The Plaj Scandinavian Restaurant is located onsite.
is the wifi free?
WiFi is available to guests free of charge at the Inn at the Opera.
Are pets allowed at this location?
Pets are not allowed at the Inn at Union Square, a Greystone Hotel.
Are there Elevator available at the site?
Inn at Union Square, a Greystone Hotel does have a lift available.
Are there any WiFi at the site?
The Inn at Union Square offers free WiFi
Are there any WiFi at the site?
WiFi is free at the Inn at Union Square.
Are there any meeting and banquet facility available?
No there are not any meeting or banquet facilities at Inn at union Square.
Are there baggage storage service?
Yes, they do provide baggage storage.
Can I request an extra cot?
The Inn at Union Square doesn't offer extra beds.
Do you have cooling and heating in the rooms?
The rooms at the Inn at Union Square, a Greystone Hotel are heated.
Do you have private parking available?
Private parkingat the Inn at Union Square costs USD 53 per day.
Do you need a reservation for parking?
A reservation is not needed for parking at the Inn at Union Square, A Greystone hotel
Do you offer rooms with easy access for disabled people?
The Inn at Union Square, a Greystone Hotel had rooms with access for disabled guests.
Do you serve breakfast at the hotel?
A  continental breakfast is available daily in the Union Square, Greystone Hotel; which also includes buffet-style meals.
Does the Inn at Union Square, a Greystone Hotel provides a daily housekeeping service?
Yes, the Inn at Union Square, a Greystone Hotel provides a daily housekeeping service.
Does this location have designated smoking areas?
No. Non-smoking property
Does this site offer dry cleaning services?
For an additional charge,  Inn at Union Square provides dry cleaning service.
Does your hotel offer room service?
Room service is provided at Inn at Union Square, a Greystone Hotel.
How late do your concierge services stay open for?
Inn at Union Square offers 24 hour concierge services.
Is parking available at the Inn at Union Square, a Greystone Hotel?
Private parking is available at a location near the Inn at Union Square.
Is there any restaurant or bar onsite at Inn at Union Square, a Greystone Hotel?
There are no restaurants or bars on the Inn at Union Square, a Greystone Hotel property.
What is the latest I can check out of my room?
Check-out time is until 12:00 PM daily.
When does check in open at Inn at Union Square, a Greystone Hotel?
Check in is from 3:00 pm.
Which cards do you take?
The accepted payment methods are American Express, Mastercard, Visa, Discover, JCB, Diners Club, UnionPay, and Carte Blanche.
Yes, does the hotel have private parking?
The Inn at Union Square, a Greystone Hotel  includes private parking.
Yes, how late does your concierge stay open?
Union Square concierge hours are open twenty four hours a day.
Are the rooms at Inn on Broadway air-conditioned?
The rooms at  Inn on Broadway are air-conditioned.
Are there luggage storage service?
Yes, there is baggage storage available, please inquire at the front desk for this service.
Can I get an extra bed?
Yes, extra beds are available for $10 a night at Inn on Broadway.
Do I need to make reservations to take advantage of the free parking?
Reservations are not needed for the free parking at Inn on Broadway.
Do they accept credit cards?
Most major credit cards are accepted as payment methods at Inn on Broadway.
Do you allow pets to stay?
Pets are not allowed.
Do you have to pay for Inn on Broadway?
Yes, guests may park their car for free at the Inn on Broadway.
Do you offer wheelchair access?
Yes, the Inn on Broadway has rooms for disability access.
Does Inn on Broadway offer WiFi service?
Yes, WiFi is available and it's free.
Does Inn on Broadway provide room service?
The Inn on Broadway does not have in room service for guests, currently.
How late is the Inn on Broadway front desk open?
The Inn on Broadway's front desk is open 24 hours.
I am not finding information on your website regarding an elevator, could you help?
Elevator/lift is available under listed amenities.
Is smoking allowed?
No, smoking is not allowed at Inn on Broadway.
Is there a damage deposit?
There's a $100 damage deposit required upon arrival at this hotel.
Is there heat in the room?
Yes, the rooms are heated.
What breakfast options are available at Inn on Broadway?
Inn on Broadway does not offer breakfast options.
What does WiFi cost at Inn on Broadway?
wifi at Inn on Broadway is free of charge
What is the check in time at Inn on Broadway?
Under the house rules check in time is at 3pm
What is the cost of parking at the site?
free parking is provided
When is check out at Inn on Broadway?
You can check-out until 11:00 AM.
Are extra bed available?
No, the Inn on Folsom does not offer extra beds.
Are pets allowed at this location?
Pets are not allowed at Inn on Folsom.
Are the rooms at Inn on Folsom air-conditioned?
Inn on Folsom has air conditioning in rooms.
Are there smoking area available?
There is no mention of designated smoking. Reviews suggest smoking is allowed around and near the premise.
Do you provide WiFi at your hotel?
WiFi is available free of charge at Inn on Folsom.
Does this site offer parking for cars?
No, Inn on Folsom does not provide parking.
Is WiFi available there?
WiFi service is available in all areas and is free of charge at Inn on Folsom, San Francisco.
Is someone available at the front desk day and night?
The Inn on Folsom has a 24-hour front desk.
Since it's cold at night, do your room have gas fireplaces?
Heating is available at the Inn on Folsom.
What cards can be used for payments?
Credit card payments from American Express, VISA, MasterCard and DISCOVER are accepted by Inn on Folsom, San Francisco.
What is the check in time at the hotel?
Check-in time is after 3 pm at Inn on Folsom.
What is your procedure for room cleaning ?
The Inn on Folsom provides daily housekeeping
What time is check out at Inn on Folsom?
The check-out time at this hotel is 11am.
What type of breakfast is offered at the hotel?
Inn on Folsom provides a free continental breakfast daily
Are pets allowed on site?
Pets cannot stay at Inn San Francisco
Are the rooms heated at Inn San Francisco?
The rooms at the Inn San Francisco are heated.
Are there any WiFi at the site?
the Inn San Francisco has free Wifi
Are there dry cleaning service offered?
There is no mention of dry cleaning for Inn San Francisco. General cleaning services are offered at an additional charge.
Can we have an extra cot at the Inn San Francisco?
Inn San Francisco does not offer extra beds.
Do I need parking reservation at Inn San Francisco?
Parking is available at Inn San Francisco, but requires advanced reservations.
Do you have concierge service?
Yes, concierge service is available.
Do you have onsite parking?
There are three parking options at the Inn San Francisco; garage parking, street parking, and secure parking.
Does Inn San Francisco have a designated smoking area onsite?
the Inn San Francisco is a smoke free property
Does the hotel allow children to stay?
Children are welcome at Inn San Francisco.
Does your hotel offer free parking?
Parking on site is 30 dollars per day.
How much is WiFi at the Inn San Francisco?
Wifi is available for free at the Inn San Francisco.
Is baggage storage available?
The Inn San Francisco offers baggage storage.
Is there any security deposit required to stay at Inn San Francisco?
Inn San Francisco does not require a security deposit.
Is there daily housekeeping at Inn San Francisco?
Daily housekeeping is available at Inn San Francisco.
What is the check in time at the hotel?
You can check in from 2:00 P.M. to 10:00 P.M.
What payment methods do you accept?
The payment methods accepted by Inn San Francisco include American Express, Visa, Mastercard and Discover.
What recreational things are available?
The Inn San Francisco has a pool, but no gym or fitness center.
What time is checkout?
Check-out time at the Inn San Francisco is 8:00 AM - 12:00 PM.
What type of breakfast is offered at the hotel?
Inn San Francisco offers continental, gluten-free, and buffet breakfast options.
Are the rooms at the InterContinental San Francisco heated?
The rooms the InterContinental San Francisco are heated.
Are there any WiFi at the site?
There is WiFi available in all areas at InterContinental San Francisco for a charge.
Are there any meeting facilities available?
Yes, meeting and banquet facilities are available for an extra charge.
Are there baggage storage service?
Yes, front desk services provides baggage storage.
Are there breakfast options?
Continental and American breakfast options are available at Inter Continental San Francisco.
Are there dry cleaning service offered?
Yes, InterContinental San Francisco provides dry cleaning service.
Can I pay extra to keep my dog in my room?
A fee may apply to stay with your pets.
Can you provide an extra bed to my room?
Unfortunately this hotel does not provide extra beds.
Do you have a work out room?
InterContinental San Francisco offers an onsite fitness center.
Does InterContinental San Francisco charge guests for parking?
Website does not state the cost of parking.
Does InterContinental San Francisco have a swimming pool onsite?
Yes, there is an onsite pool at this hotel.
Does InterContinental San Franisco have room service?
Yes,  InterContinental San Francisco provides room services.
Does Intercontinental San Francisco have services for guests with disabilities?
The Hampton Inn San Francisco Downtown/Convention Center has facilities for guest with disabilities.
Does the InterContinental San Francisco have a lift?
An elevator is provided at InterContinental San Francisco.
Does the InterContinental San Francisco have a restaurant or bar?
Yes, the hotel contains both a restaurant and a bar.
Does this site offer concierge service?
The front desk offers concierge service at InterContinental San Francisco.
Is interContinental San Francisco have air-condition?
The rooms at InterContinental San Francisco are air-conditioned.
Is there WiFi at InterContinental San Francisco?
Yes WiFi is available at InterContinental San Francisco.
Is there any age restriction to check-in at InterContinental San Francisco?
There is no age restriction to check-in at InterContinental San Francisco.
What is the check in time at the hotel?
The check-in time at the InterContinental San Francisco is 3:00pm and after.
What is the parking situation like there?
Private parking is available on site with additional charges at Hotel Intercontinental, San Francisco.
What kind of parking is available?
Accessible parking is available at the InterContinental San Francisco.
What languages are spoken by the staff?
The languages spoken at this hotel include Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, Filipino, and Chinese.
What time is check-out?
Check-out time is at 12:00 PM.
What type of parking is available?
No reservation is needed for parking on site. Charges apply.
When is front desk service available?
This hotel's front desk is open for 24 hours.
Which credit cards can be used at the hotel?
This hotel accepts American Express, VISA and MasterCard.
are there any areas I can smoke?
there are not designated smoking areas at InterContinental San Francisco
Are extra beds available?
Jackson Court does not offer extra beds.
Are there heating on the rooms?
Heating is an available amenity at Jackson Court.
Can I bring my pet along with me?
They do not allow pets at all.
DO you have daily housekeeping?
Daily housekeeping is provided at Jackson Court.
Do you have onsite parking available for guests?
There is no parking available at Jackson Court.
Do you offer dry cleaning?
Dry cleaning is provided at the Jackson Court.
Is there WiFi at the Jackson Court?
WiFi is free at this hotel.
Is there a concierge service?
Yes, there is a concierge service.
Is there internet?
Yes, WiFi is available.
What credit cards do you accept?
Payment methods accepted at Jackson Court are American Express, Visa and MasterCard.
What do you serve for breakfast?
Breakfast is a light inter-continental meal that is available from 7:30a - 10:30a
What is the check in time at the hotel?
Check-in is between 2:00 pm and 7:00 pm at this hotel.
When is the check out time?
Check-out time is from 9:00 AM to 11:00 AM.
is smoking allowed on the property?
No Jackson Court is a smoke free property.
Are the rooms heated or air conditioned at JW Marriott San Francisco?
The rooms at the JW Marriott San Francisco Union Square have heat/air conditioning.
Can I have an extra bed for my room at JW Marriott San Francisco Union Square?
Extra beds are not offered at JW Marriott San Francisco Union Square.
Can I request a room for a minor?
the minimum age for check in at the JW Marriott San Francisco Union Square is 18 years old
Do you guys have parking available?
Parking is available onsite for a daily fee.
Do you have to get reservation to book at the hotel?
Reservations are not needed at the JW Marriott San Francisco Union Square.
Do you offer dry cleaning?
Yes, dry cleaning is available for an additional charge
Does JW Marriott San Francisco Union Square have meeting and banquet facility?
The JW Marriott San Francisco Union Square has meeting and banquet facilities availablr.
Does the site offer room service?
At the JW Marriott San Francisco Union Square room service is provided as a general amenity.
Does your establishment have a lift?
There's a lift at JW Marriott San Francisco Union Square.
How are the rooms cooled?
The rooms at the JW Marriott San Francisco Union Square are air-conditioned.
How much does it cost to use your wifi?
The WiFi is available for all for free.
How much does parking cost at JW Marriott San Francisco Union Square?
Parking at JW Marriott San Francisco Union Square is $66 per day.
How often is housekeeping provided at the hotel?
The JW Marriot's housekeeping services at SF Union Square are done daily.
Is parking available?
Accessible parking is available at the JW Marriott San Francisco Union Square
Is there WiFi?
There is free WiFi available in public areas at JW Marriott San Francisco Union Square.
Is there a gym on site?
The JW Marriott San Francisco Union Square has a fitness center onsite.
Is there smoking allowed at JW Mariott San Francisco Union Square?
JW Marriott San Francisco Union Square does not have a designated smoking area.
Is this a pet friendly place?
Pets are allowed at JW Marriott San Francisco Union Square and charges may apply.
What are the available breakfast options for guests?
You can either order breakfast to your room, or eat breakfast in the Level III restaurant.
What forms of payment do you accept at you San Francisco Union Square ?
Credit cards accepted at Hotel JW Marriott San Francisco Union Square are American Express, VISA, MasterCard, DISCOVER, Diners Club, JCB, UnionPay.
What hours is your front desk open until?
The front desk at JW Marriott San Francisco Union Square is open for 24 hours.
What is the check in time at the hotel?
Check-in time is at 4:00 PM.
What languages do the staff speak at your hotel?
The staff here speak English, Spanish, Farsi, and Chinese.
Yes, can you tell me when check-out is at the hotel?
Check-out is at 12 pm at JW Marriott San Francisco Union Square.
are there any onsite restaurants?
Yes, 2 restaurant onsite are avaialble at JW Marriott San Francisco Union Square.
i woul like to know if your  still taking bookings.
the JW Marriott San Francisco Union Square has rooms with disability access
Are any daily housekeeping services available?
The Kensingtron Park Hotel provides daily housekeeping services.
Are any deposits required when checking in at Kensington Park Hotel?
There is a damage deposit of 100 dollars that is required upon arrival.
Are parking reservations required?
Reservations are not needed for the nearby parking facility.
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Free WiFi is offered at Kensington Park Hotel.
Do you have cooling and heating in the rooms?
The rooms at Kensington Park Hotel are heated.
Does Kensington Park Hotel have disability services?
The hotel provides facilities for guests with disablilities.
Does Kensington Park Hotel have parking?
yes, parking is available
Does Kensington Park Hotel provide WiFi service?
WiFi is available at Kensington Park Hotel.
Does Kensington Park Hotel provide room service?
Kensington Park Hotel does provide room service.
Does the Kensington Park Hotel offer extra beds?
The Kensington Park Hotel provides extra beds.
Does your hotel offer meeting rooms for people to use?
Meeting and banquet facilities are available at Kensington Park Hotel.
Hey, can you let me know if  you have parking available?
Parking is available at the Kensington Park Hotel for 55 dollars per day.
How late is the front desk open?
The front desk at Kensington Park Hotel is open 24 hours.
Is The Kensington Park Hotel pet friendly?
Pets are not allowed inside the hotel. Guests are allowed, however, to stay with their dogs inside the hotel. A non-refundable pet cleaning fee with be charged. The room must be deep cleaned after a pet departs.
Is smoking permitted on the grounds of the Kensington Park Hotel?
There is a designated smoking area at Kensington Park Hotel.
Is there a concierge at the hotel
Kensington Park Hotel does provide concierge service.
Is there a luggage storage service at Kensington Park Hotel?
Yes, the hotel does provide luggage storage service.
Is there an elevator?
The Kensington Hotel has an elevator
Is there dry cleaning?
Kensington Park Hotel offers a dry cleaning service for an additional charge.
Is there parking at the hotel?
There is no parking at the hotel, but parking is available near the hotel for a daily fee.
What are the dining options at this location?
There are restaurants and bars onsite at the Kensington Park Hotel.
What credit cards do you take?
This hotel accepts the following cards: American Express, VISA, MasterCard, Diners Club, JCB and Discover.
What is the check in time at the hotel?
Check- in time at Kensington Park Hotel is between 3:00PM to 12:00AM.
What languages are spoken at Kensington Park Hotel?
They speak English, Spanish, and Chinese
When is the check out time?
Check-out time at the Kensington Park Hotel is at 12:00 P.M.
are shuttles available?
Kensington Park Hotel does provide a shuttle service.
Are your rooms heated?
All rooms here have heating.
Check in and checkout time is when?
11:00 A.M. is the latest you can check out.
Do you all have onsite dry cleaning?
For an additional fee, dry cleaning services are available to guests.
Do you allow pets at your hotel?
Kimpton Buchanan Hotel allows pets for free.
Do you guys have a smoking area?
There is a designated smoking area at Kimpton Buchanan Hotel
Do you have available spaces for like banquets or a place to hold a meeting?
Yes, meeting and banquet facilities are available for an additional charge.
Do you have cooling and heating in the rooms?
Yes, the rooms are air-conditioned.
Do you have elevators?
Kimpton Buchanan Hotel does have elevator.
Do you have onsite parking?
Yes, Kimpton Buchanan Hotel has accessible parking.
Do you have rooms with disability access?
Yes, there are rooms with disability access available.
Does Kimpton Buchanan Hotel have 24-hour front desk service?
The front desk at Kimpton Buchanan Hotel is open 24 hours.
Does Kimpton Buchanan Hotel offer luggage storage?
Luggage storage service is available at front desk at Kimpton Buchanan Hotel, San Francisco.
Does this site offer daily housekeeping service?
Daily Housekeeping is provided.
How much does the WiFi at this location cost?
The Kimpton Buchanan Hotel WiFi is USD 12.99 per day.
I may need an extra bed for my room, is that possible?
The Kimpton Buchanan Hotel does not offer extra beds
I was wondering if you have wifi there?
Wifi is available at the Kimpton Buchanan Hotel.
Is parking available at Kimpton Buchanan Hotel?
There is private on site parking
Is there a concierge available?
Front Desk Services - concierge
Is there a restaurant at Kimpton Buchanan Hotel?
There is an onsite restaurant and bar at Kimpton Buchanan Hotel.
Is there fitness equipment available?
A fitness center is available at the Kimpton Buchanan Hotel.
What forms of credit cards accepted?
American Express, Master Card, Visa and Discover are accepted at Kimpton Buchanan Hotel.
What type of breakfast is served at Kimpton Buchanan Hotel?
American breakfast is served at Kimpton Buchanan Hotel.
What type of parking is available?
Private parking is available on site (reservation is not needed) and costs USD 40 per day.
Accessible parking
Electric vehicle charging station
Parking garage
Secure parking
What type of parking is available?
Private parking is available on site (reservation is not needed) and costs USD 40 per day.

Accessible parking
Electric vehicle charging station
Parking garage
Secure parking
When is the earliest I can check in?
The check-in time is at 3:00 pm at this hotel.
Which languages are spoken at Kimpton Buchanan Hotel?
English, Spanish, & Chinese are spoken at the Kimpton Buchanan Hotel.
Are extra beds available at your hotel?
Kimpton Sir Francis Drake Hotel does not offer extra beds.
Are rooms at Kimpton Sir Francis Drake Hotel heated?
Rooms at Kimpton Sir Francis Drake Hotel are heated.
Can I bring my dog?
Pets are allowed at no extra charge.
Do you have baggage storage?
Guests at Kimpton Sir Francis Drake Hotel are provided with baggage storage at no extra cost.
Do you offer meeting rooms?
The Kimpton Sir Frances Drake Hotel offers meeting/banquet facilities.
Does I need a reservation for parking at Kimpton Sir Francis Drake Hotel?
A reservation is not needed, but parking is not free.
Does Kimpton Sir Francis Drake Hotel have a fitness center onsite?
Yes, Kimpton Sir Francis Drake Hotel does have a fitness center onsite.
Does Kimpton Sir Francis Drake Hotel have rooms with disability access?
Kimpton Sir Francis Drake Hotel has rooms with disability access.
Does the Kimpton Sir Francis Drake Hotel offer dry cleaning services?
There is dry cleaning for an additional fee
Does this location have an elevator?
The Kimpton Sir Francis Drake Hotel has an elevator
Does this location provide room service?
Yes, Kimpton Sir Francis Drake Hotel provides room service.
How much to reserve a parking space?
Private parking is available at a nearby location where a reservation is not needed, but costs $62 a day
How often are your rooms cleaned?
Daily Housekeeping is provided at the Kimpton Sir Francis Drake Hotel.
Is air conditioning available in the rooms at this hotel?
The rooms at Kimpton Sir Francis Drake Hotel are air-conditioned.
Is the WiFi free at this hotel?
Yes, Wifi is free at the Kimpton Sir Francis Drake Hotel.
Is there a charge for interent?
WiFi is free at this hotel.
Is there concierge service at Kimpton Sir Francis Drake Hotel?
Yes, this hotel does offer concierge service.
Is there parking available for cars at the Kimpton Sir Francis Drake Hotel?
Parking for the Kimpton Sir Francis Drake Hotel is available at a nearby site
What is the breakfast served at Kimpton Sir Francis Drake Hotel?
Every morning the Kimpton Sir Francis Drake Hotel serves complimentary coffee and tea, with a themed Sunday brunch.
What is the check-in time?
The check-in time is at 4:00 pm.
What type of food service is available at site?
There is both a bar and a restaurant at Kimpton Sir Francis Drake Hotel.
What type of language is spoken at the hotel?
Staff here speak English and Spanish.
When do I need to check out?
11:00 am to 11:30 am
When is front desk service available?
the front desk at  Kimpton Sir Francis Drake Hotel is open for 24 hours
Which credit cards are accepted at the Kimpton Sir Francis Drake Hotel?
The Kimpton Sir Francis Drake Hotel accepts Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover cards.
can I smoke on the property?
The Kimpton Sir Francis Drake Hotel is a smoke-free property.
Are banquet facilities available at King George?
The King George hotel has meeting and banquet facilities.
Are pets allowed at King George?
The King George is a pet friendly hotel and charges may apply.
Are there dry cleaning services on site?
There is dry cleaning service available at King George for an additional charge.
Can I have a roll away bed put into my room?
King George does not offer extra beds.
Can I have access to WiFi at the King George?
Yes, this hotel provides free WiFi.
Do the rooms have heat at the King George?
Heating is provided at the rooms of the King George.
Do you have a concierge that is available?
Yes, King George has a concierge at the front desk.
Do you have wifi there?
The King George offers free WiFi.
Does this hotel have guest elevators?
Yes, King George has elevators for guests.
Does this site offer daily housekeeping service?
Daily housekeeping is provided at the King George.
Is parking available at the King George?
Yes, there is a nearby parking garage available for King George guests.
Is the hotel smoke free?
King George is a smoke free property
Is there a bar at the King George?
Winston's Bar and Lounge is present on site at King George.
Is there facility for people with disability?
King George have facility for people with disability.
My family is traveling with quite a few suitcases...will that be a problem?
The King George hotel provides baggage storage.
What are the hours at the front desk at the King George?
The front desk at the King George hotel is open for 24 hours.
What forms of payment are accepted at King George?
American Express, Visa, Mastercard, Discover, JCB, Diners Club, Carte Blanche, and UnionPay cards are accepted at King George.
What is the cost of parking at the site?
Parking costs $49.00 plus tax for regular-sized vehicles and $64.00 plus tax for oversized cars.
What type of parking is available?
Public parking is available close by, with no reservation required.
When can I check-in?
Check-in time at King George begins at 3:00 PM.
When do I have to check out of King George after staying overnight?
Checkout time is at 12:00pm
Are the rooms at this location air conditioned?
The rooms at Laurel Inn, a Joie de Vivre Hotel are air- conditioned.
Are there Elevator available at the site?
Yes, the Laurel Inn does have a lift.
Are there meeting or banquet facilities at Laurel Inn, a Joie de Vivre Hotel?
No, meeting/banquet facilities are unavailable.
Can you accommodate guests in wheelchairs?
the inn provides facilities for disabled guests
Do yo have a concierge?
Yes, a concierge service is available.
Do you have a luggage storing service?
Yes, Laurel Inn, a Joie de Vivre Hotel does have a luggage storage service on their front desk services.
Do you have any hotels with multilingual staff?
German, English, Spanish, French, Dutch, and Chinese are spoken at Laurel Inn, a Joie de Vivre Hotel.
Do you have in room heating?
Laurel Inn, a Joie de Vivre Hotel, has heated rooms.
Do you have wifi availability at your hotel?
There is free WiFi at Laurel Inn, a Joie de Vivre Hotel.
Do you need to make a reservation for parking at this location?
You do not need to make a reservation for parking Laurel Inn, a Joie de Vivre Hotel.
Do you offer additional beds for those with kids?
Extra beds are not offered at Laurel Inn, a Joie de Vivre Hotel.
Does the hotel provide daily housekeeping?
Yes, Lauren Inn provides daily housekeeping.
Does this site have designated smoking area?
Smoke-free property
Does your hotel provide dry cleaning?
Dry cleaning is available at Laurel Inn, a Joie de Vivre Hotel.
How late can I get service at the front desk?
The front desk is open 24 hours at Laurel Inn.
Is free WiFi available at Laurel Inn, a Joie de Vivre Hotel?
There is free WiFi available
Is there a fitness center on site?
Yes they do have a fitness center on site
May I bring a pet and if so is there a charge?
There are extra charges for pets at the Laurel Inn, a Joie de Vivre Hotel
What is the cost of parking at the site?
Parking at Laurel Inn, a Joie de Vivre Hotel costs 39 USD per day.
What kind of parking does your hotel offer?
The Laurel Inn, a Joie de Vivre Hotel, has parking for guests and also offers public parking for $39 per day.
What time is check in time ?
The check-in time at this hotel is at 3:00 PM.
What time is check out?
Check-out time is 12:00pm.
What type of parking is available?
The Laurel Inn, a Joie de Vivre Hotel has accessible parking.
Where is the nearest restaurant?
There is a restaurant on site at the Laurel Inn, a Joie de Vivre Hotel
Which credit cards do you accept?
American Express, Visa and Mastercard are accepted at this hotel.
Can my dog stay with me at Layne Hotel?
This hotel does not allow pets.
Do I need to give a security deposit when I check in?
THE LAYNE HOTEL REQUIRES A SECURITY DEPOSIT AT CHECK-IN.
Do you have smoking rooms available?
the Layne Hotel is a Smoke free Property
Does the Layne Hotel provide extra beds if needed ?
Extra beds are not available at the Layne Hotel.
Does your hotel offer heat?
Yes, the rooms at Layne Hotel do contain a heating system.
How is the parking situation near the hotel?
Public parking is available at a location nearby Layne Hotel. There is also street parking.
How much is wifi?
WiFi is free at Layne Hotel.
I cannot climb stairs so is a lift available?
Yes the Layne Hotel has a lift.
Is WiFi available at Layne Hotel?
WiFi is available in all areas at Layne Hotel. WiFi is also free of charge.
Is the front desk at Layne Hotel open 24 hours?
yes front desk open 24 hours.
Should I make an advance reservation for parking?
Reservations in advance are not needed for parking at the Layne Hotel.
What forms of payment do you take?
Several credit cards are accepted and you must have a credit card upon arrival.
What time is checkout?
The check out time is 11:00 am
What's the check-in time at your hotel?
Check-in time at Layne Hotel is at 3:00pm.
Where is your parking area?
There is no parking available at the hotel itself, however there are public parking spaces around it.
Can I bring my pets to the Lombard Plaza Motel?
Pets are not allowed at Lombard Plaza Motel.
Can I request an extra cot?
The Lombard Plaza Motel does not offer extra beds.
Do you charge for wifi?
WiFi is free in all areas for everyone.
Do you have parking?
Yes, the Lombard Plaza Motel has free, accessible parking.
Do you have to pay for parking?
parking is free at the Lombard Plaza Motel
Does Lombard Plaza Motel have WiFi?
There is free WiFi available in all areas at Lombard Plaza Motel.
Does Lombard Plaza Motel have room service?
Room service is available at the Lombard Plaza Motel.
Does Lombard Plaza Motel provide concierge?
Concierge service is provided at Lombard Plaza Motel.
Does the Lombard Plaza Motel have a storage service?
Yes they do have luggage storage service
Does this location have rooms with disability access?
Yes, they offer a King room with disability access
Does your hotel offer air conditioning?
Yes, each room has air conditioning.
How early can you check in at this location?
3:00 P.M. is the earliest check-in time.
If I need help during the night, will there be someone there to help?
Yes, Lombard Plaza Motel has a 24-hour front desk.
If I need to park my care there, do I need a reservation?
A reservation is not needed for the parking at Lombard Plaza Motel.
Is there parking available at Lombard Plaza Motel?
There is parking at Lombard Plaza Motel.
What languages are spoken at Lombard Plaza Hotel?
Staff speak English and Hindi.
What payment options are accepted at this location?
Cash and credit cards are accepted by Lombard Plaza Motel.
When is the check out time?
The check-out time is at 11:00am at Lombard Plaza Motel.
Where can I smoke at the motel?
Designated smoking areas can be accessed at Lombard Plaza Motel.
Will I have heat in my room at Lombard Plaza Motel?
The rooms at Lombard Plaza Motel are heated.
Will a maid clean my room every day that I stay?
There is daily housekeeping service at Lombard Plaza Motel.
what laundry services are offered?
Dry cleaning is not specified but laundry service at an additional fee is listed.
Are the rooms at the Luz Hotel heated?
Yes, the rooms at Luz Hotel are heated.
Can I park my car at the Luz Hotel?
Free parking is available at the Luz Hotel.
Do you have a pet friendly room?
pets are not allowed
Do you have a shuttle from the airport?
There is an airport shuttle available.
Do you have extra beds?
Unfortunately this hotel does not offer extra beds.
Do you offer WiFi?
Wifi is available at the Luz Hotel
Does Luz Hotel offer free Wifi?
Wifi is free at the Luz Hotel
How much does parking cost at this location?
Parking at Luz Hotel costs 30 USD per day.
Is dry cleaning available there?
Laundry is listed as a service at Luz Hotel, but not dry cleaning specifically.
What credit cards do you take?
American Express, Visa, and Mastercharge are accepted.
What is available for multiple suitcases?
The Luz Hotel offers free luggage storage.
What is the check in time at the Luz Hotel?
The check in time is 3pm to 9pm.
What is the check-out time at Luz Hotel?
The check-out time at Luz Hotel is 11:00AM.
What languages are spoken at your hotel?
English, Spanish and Filipino are the languages spoken at Luz Hotel.
What should be expected in terms of parking at this location?
No reservation is needed for parking at Luz Hotel. The cost of parking is $30 per day.
Where are the smoking areas?
No, it is a smoke-free property
Are there Elevator available at the site?
Yes, this hotel has an elevator.
Can I get an extra bed?
The Minna Hotel does not offer extra beds.
Can I park my car at the hotel?
parking at Minna Hotel is unavailable
Do you have someone on duty all the time?
Yes, the front desk provides 24 hour service.
Do you offer any breakfast foods on site?
This hostel provides a continental breakfast daily.
If I book a room with you can I bring my dog?
Pets are not allowed.
Is free WiFi available at this location?
There is free WiFi in the public areas of the Minna Hotel.
Is your staff multilingual?
English, Spanish, Hindi, Italian, and Chinese are spoken at this hotel.
What forms of credit cards do they accept?
American Express, Visa, and MasterCard are accepted forms of payment by Minna Hotel.
What is check out time?
You can check out until 11:00 AM
What is the cost of the WiFi?
There is free WiFi available in public areas at the Minna Hotel.
What time does the Minna Hotel allow check in?
The check-in time at the Minna Hotel is 3:00pm to 12:00am.
Where is the designated smoking area?
Minna Hotel is a smoke free property. All smoking must happen off property premises.
Are pets allowed at your facility?
Pets can stay free at the Motel 6 San Francisco Downtown
Are there any special instructions for getting free parking, like reservations?
No reservations are required for the free parking at Motel 6 San Francisco Downtown.
Are there daily housekeeping service available?
Motel 6 San Francisco Downtown provides daily housekeeping services.
Are there facilities like elevators for disabled guests?
The Motel 6 San Francisco Downtown has an elevator and facilities for disabled guests.
Do the rooms have WiFi?
WiFi is free and is available in all areas
Do the rooms have air conditioning?
Yes, the rooms at Motel 6 San Francisco Downtown are air-conditioned.
Do you provide smoking areas?
There are no designated smoking areas at the Motel 6 San Francisco Downtown.
I need a hotel that has an elevator.
There's is a lift at Motel 6 San Francisco Downtown.
Is WiFi available?
Free WiFi is available at Motel 6 San Francisco Downtown.
Is it possible to get extra beds brought into the room?
Motel 6 San Francisco Downtown does not offer extra beds.
Is parking available and do I need to make a reservation?
Yes, free public parking is available on site. Reservation is not possible
Is your front desk open all night?
Yes, Motel 6 San Francisco Downtown has a 24 hour front desk.
What are the age requirements to book a room at Motel 6 San Francisco Downtown?
You have to be at least 18 to check in at Motel 6 San Francisco Downtown.
What is the check in time at the hotel?
Motel 6 San Francisco Downtown allows check-in from 3.00 PM.
What languages are spoken at Motel 6 San Francisco Downtown?
English and Spanish are spoken at Motel 6 San Francisco Downtown.
What payment options do they accept?
Payment options appear not to be mentioned.
What should be expected in terms of parking at this location?
Free on-site parking is available at Motel 6 San Francisco Downtown.
When is the check out time?
12:00 PM is the check-out time for guests at Motel 6 San Francisco Downtown.
Where can i park my car at Motel 6 San Francisco Downtown?
Accessible parking is available at Motel 6 San Francisco Downtown.
Are there extra beds at Nineteen 06 Mission?
The Mission does not have extra beds available for requests.
Are there smoking area available?
No, Nineteen 06 Mission is a smoke free property.
Do you have luggage storage available?
Nineteen 06 Mission does provide luggage storage.
Does Nineteen 06 Mission offer free WiFi?
WiFi is available and free of charge.
How many languages do your staff speak?
4 are spoken here, English, French, Spanish, and Italian!
Is a continental breakfast an option there?
They offer a continental breakfast for $6 per person
Is there Wifi at the Nineteen 06 Mission?
Wifi is available at Nineteen 06 Mission.
Is there a housekeeping service?
Yes, Nineteen 06 Mission provides daily housekeeping service.
Is there parking available at Nineteen 06 Mission?
You cannot park your car at Nineteen 06 Mission.
What credit cards are accepted at Nineteen 06 Mission?
The following credit cards are accepted at the Nineteen 06 Mission; American Express, Visa, Mastercard, JCB, Discover, and more.
What is the latest time I can leave the next day if I stay the night at Nineteen 06 Mission?
Check-out time is 11:00am at Nineteen 06 Mission.
What is your policy on pets?
No pets are allowed at Nineteen 06 Mission.
What time can I check in?
Check-in time is from 3:00pm
Are pets allowed on site?
Pets are not allowed at Nob Hill Hotel.
Are there heating on the rooms?
Yes, the rooms at Nob Hill Hotel are heated.
Can I book a smoking room?
No, this is a smoke-free property.
DO you all have private parking?
Private parking is available at a location nearby Nob Hill Hotel for USD $50 per day.
Do you have a fitness center ?
There is a fitness center at the Nob Hill Hotel.
Does Nob Hill Hotel offer dry cleaning services?
Laundry service is available although dry cleaning is not.
Does Nob Hill Hotel offer luggage storage?
Luggage storage is available at the Nob Hill Hotel.
Does Nob Hill Hotel provide concierge services?
Nob Hill Hotel provides concierge services at its front desk.
How much is your WiFi?
There is free WiFi available at Nob Hill Hotel.
How often can I request maid service?
The Nob Hill Hotel offers daily housekeeping service.
I want to make sure I'll have a parking space when I stay at your hotel.
There is no parking at the hotel. Private parking is available at a location nearby. Street parking is available.
Is parking available at Nob Hill Hotel?
There is private parking available at a location nearby Nob Hill Hotel, a reservation is not needed.
Is there a security deposit?
Yes, you will pay a security deposit of $150 upon arrival.
Is there an Italian restaurant on site?
Yes, there is an Italian restaurant called Colombini Bistro at the Nob Hill Hotel.
Is there an elevator available to use at this hotel location?
Yes, elevator is available at Nob Hill Hotel.
Is there wi-fi available at the facility?
WiFi service is free of charge and is available in all areas at Nob Hill Hotel, San Francisco.
What languages are spoken at the Nob Hill Hotel?
English and Spanish are spoken at the Nob Hill Hotel.
What payments do you accept?
Payment methods accepted are American Express, Visa, Mastercard, Diners Club and Discover
What time must I check out?
The check-out time at this hotel is at noon.
When can I check in my room?
Check-in time is 3:00 p.m.
When is front desk service available?
The front desk at Nob Hill Hotel is open 24 hours.
Would I be able to get an extra bed?
This hotel does not offer extra beds.
Yes, do you have an onsite business center?
Nob Hill Hotel has a business center.
do you offer ADA accessible rooms?
Yes, they offer rooms with disability access.
Can I smoke there?
No, there is no designated smoking area at Nob Hill Inn.
Do the rooms have heating?
Yes, under most popular amenities it lists heating as one of them.
Do you have extra fold out beds for kids?
Extra beds are not available at Noble Hill Inn.
Do you offer WiFi?
The Nob Hill Inn offers free WiFi.
Does Nob Hill Inn provide any concierge service?
No, Nob Hill Inn does not provide any concierge service.
How early can I check in?
Check-in time is 3:30 p.m.
Is the hotel pet friendly?
Pet are not allowed at the Nob Hill Inn.
What are the parking options for the Nob Hill Inn?
There is no parking available at Nob Hill Inn.
What is the check-out time?
Check-out time at the Nob Hill Inn is 11:00 AM.
What type of payment methods are accepted at the Nob Hill Inn?
Nob Hill Inn accept Visa, Discover, American Express, MasterCard and Dining Club cards for payment.
When is front desk service available?
Nob Hill Inn has a front desk that is open 24 hours a day.
Will I have internet access?
WiFi is available in some hotel rooms and in public areas.
Are the rooms at Nob Hill Motor Inn heated?
The rooms at Nob Hill Motor Inn are heated.
Are there any WiFi at the site?
WiFi is free of charge at Nob Hill Motor Inn.
Are there any additional charges for parking or is it free at Nob Hill Motor Inn?
Parking at the Nob Hill Motor Inn is free.
Are there smoking area available?
No, this property is smoke free.
Can I park my car at Nob Hill Motor Inn?
The Nob Hill Motor Inn offers free parking for guests.
Do I need a parking reservation?
Reservations are not required for parking.
Do you allow pets?
Pets are not allowed to stay at Nob Hill Motor Inn.
Do you require a damage deposit?
Yes, a $150 damage deposit is required upon arrival.
Does the Nob Hill Motor Inn have lift?
Yes. the Nob Hill Motor Inn has lift.
I was wondering does this inn carry wifi?
Free WiFi is available at Nob Hill Motor Inn.
Is your staff multilingual?
English and Spanish are spoken at Nob Hill Inn.
What time is check-out at Nob Hill Motor Inn?
Check out time is until 11 hours at Nob Hill Motor Inn.
What type of breakfast is offered at the hotel?
Free coffee, tea and juice are available to Nob Hill Motor Inn guests.
What type of payment method do you accept?
The Nob Hill Motor Inn accepts, Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover.
When does check-in start at Check-in start?
Check-in starts at 3 p.m.
are extra beds offered?
Extra bed is not offered at the hotel.
Am I able to bring my dog to stay with me?
Pets are not allowed.
Are all your rooms properly heated?
Yes, the rooms at this property are heated.
Are there daily housekeeping service available?
Noe's Nest Bed and Breakfast offers housekeeping on a daily basis.
Do you allow smoking there?
It is a smoke-free area.
Do you charge for WiFi?
Wi-fi is free of charge.
Do you have a breakfast offered in the morning?
There is a buffet breakfast at Noe's Nest Bed and Breakfast.
Do you have rooms to accommodate additional guests?
There are rooms available that accommodate additional guests with additional charge for each additional guest that is 12 yrs of age and older.
Does Noe's Nest Bed and Breakfast offer a concierge service?
Yes, the property does offer a concierge service.
Hi! Does your facility offer any WiFi services?
Free WiFi is available throughout Noe's Nest Bed and Breakfast.
Is luggage storage service provided by Noe's Nest Bed and Breakfast?
Luggage storage service is provided by Noe's Nest Bed and Breakfast.
Is there room to park on the street?
Street parking is available.
What credit cards are excepted at Noe's Nest Bed and Breakfast.
Noe's Nest Bed and Breakfast accepts American Express, Visa, MasterCard and Discover cards.
What is the minimum age for check-in?
The minimum age for check-in at Noe's Nest Bed and Breakfast is 21.
What type of language is spoken at the hotel?
English, French and Hebrew are spoken at Noe's Nest Bed and Breakfast.
When can I check in to my room?
Check-in time is between 1:00 p.m. and 4:00 p.m.
When do I need to check out?
Checkout at the bed and breakfast is 11:00 am
Are the rooms heated?
Yes, the rooms are heated.
Are there meeting and banquet facility present at the site?
No, the Oasis Inn does not have meeting or banquet facilities.
Are your rooms handicapped accessible?
Rooms are available with bathroom grab rails and wheelchair accessibility
Can I bring my dog along with me?
Pets are not allowed.
Can we have an extra bed?
Unfortunately, this hotel does not currently offer any extra beds.
Do you provide baggage storage?
Yes, Oasis Inn offers baggage storage.
Does Oasis Inn have designated areas for smoking?
Oasis Inn is a smoke free property.
Does Oasis Inn have parking?
There is free public accessible parking onsite.
Does Oasis Inn offer 24-hour front desk service?
Yes, the front desk is available 24 hours a day.
Does Oasis Inn offer a lift?
The Oasis Inn has a lift.
Does Oasis Inn offer free WiFi?
Yes, there is free WiFi at the Oasis Inn.
How often can I request maid service?
Daily housekeeping service is provided at the Oasis Inn.
If I have guests do I have to reserve parking?
Reserving parking is not necessary for guests at the Oasis Inn.
Is there WiFi on site?
There is free WiFi available in all areas at the Oasis Inn.
Is there a free shuttle service?
The Oasis Inn provides shuttle service for an additional charge.
Is there parking available?
Oasis Inn offers free public parking on site.
What breakfast options are available at Oasis Inn?
There are no dining options at Oasis Inn.
What is the parking situation?
Oasis Inn has free on site parking.
What time is check in at this location?
Check-in time at Oasis Inn is from 3PM.
What time is check-out?
Check-out time at the Oasis Inn is 12:00 PM.
What type of language is spoken at the hotel?
Oasis Inn speaks English, Spanish, French and Hindi.
What types of payment methods are accepted at Oasis Inn.
American Express,
Visa,
Master Card.
Are pets allowed on site?
No pets allowed
Are there any buses to the airport?
The Orange Village Hostel offers an airport shuttle.
Are there daily housekeeping service available?
Yes,  Orange Village Hostel provide daily housekeeping service.
Are there heating on the rooms?
The rooms at the Orange Village Hostel are heated.
Can I request extra beds at Orange Village Hostel?
Depending on the room you choose, you can request extra beds.
Check in and checkout time is when?
Check-out time at Orange Village Hostel is 11:00am.
Do you guys have dry cleaning?
Yes Dry cleaning provided Service.
Do you have any bars or resaurants at the hostel?
There are no restaurants nor bars onsite at the Orange Village Hostel
Do you have meeting or banquet facilities there?
No, meeting or banquet facilities are unavailable.
Does Orange Village Hostel have a lift?
Orange Village Hostel has a lift.
Does the public parking require reservations?
Reservations are not required for the public parking located nearby.
Hello, is there a place to prepare our meals?
This hostel offers a shared kitchen for guests.
How late is the front desk open?
the front desk at the Orange Village Hostel is open 24 hours a day
How much does internet cost?
WiFi is free in all areas
How much to reserve a parking space?
There is parking nearby for $28 a day
Is WiFi available?
Yes, WiFi is available for free in all areas
Is a concierge available?
Yes, a concierge is available here.
Is baggage storage service available at the front desk?
The front desk provides baggage storage service.
Is smoking allowed on the hostel premises?
The Orange Village Hostel is a smoke free property.
What is check-in time at the Orange Village Hostel?
Check-in time at the Orange Village Hostel is 3:00 PM.
What is the price for parking at Orange Village Hostel?
Parking costs $28 per day.
What meals do you provide?
A breakfast is included in the stay, running from 7-10am with a variety of food options.
What's your minimum age for check-in?
Orange Village Hostel requires all guests to be eighteen years of age to check in.
Which credit cards do you take?
American Express, Visa, MasterCard, Discover
Which languages are spoken at Orange Village Hostel?
The Orange Village Hostel speaks English, Spanish, Korean, Filipino, Vietnamese and Chinese.
Am I able to bring my pet to Orchard Garden Hotel?
Pets are not allowed at Orchard Garden Hotel.
Are there luggage storage service?
Orchard Garden Hotel does provide luggage storage.
Can I park there?
Yes car can be park at Orchard Garden Hotel.
Can we get an extra bed for our room?
Extra beds are available at Orchard Garden Hotel.
Do you have AC?
Yes the rooms are air conditioned
Do you have parking?
Private parking is available at a location nearby at $59 per day.  No reservations needed.
Do you offer dry cleaning?
Yes, Orchard Garden Hotel offers dry cleaning at an additional cost.
Do you provide heat in the rooms?
Rooms are heated at the Orchard Garden Hotel.
Does  Orchard Garden Hotel provide shuttle service?
The Orchard Garden Hotel provides airport shuttle service.
Does Orchard Garden Hotel have a lift?
Yes, Orchard Garden Hotel does have a lift.
Does parking need a reservation?
No, you do not need to make a reservation for the private parking at a location nearby Orchard Garden Hotel.
Does the Orchard Garden Hotel offer room service?
Room service is available for guests at Orchard Garden Hotel.
Does the hotel have multi-lingual staff?
Languages spoken at the Orchard Garden Hotel include English, Spanish and Chinese.
Does this hotel have a restaurant or a bar onsite?
No restaurant or bar is available at this location.
Does this site have facility to hold banquet or meeting?
Yes, this hotel offers meeting and banquet facilities at an additional cost.
Does this site offer concierge service?
Orchard Garden Hotel provide concierge service.
How long is the front desk open each day?
The front desk at the Orchard Garden Hotel is open 24 hours.
Is Wifi extra?
Wifi service is available free of charge in all areas at Orchard Garden Hotel.
Is smoking allowed at the Orchard Garden Hotel?
The Orchard Garden Hotel is a smoke-free property.
Is there a fitness center near by?
A fitness center is located on the premises of Orchard Garden Hotel.
Is there disability facility at Orchard Garden Hotel?
Yes there are rooms with disability access.
Is there free WiFi at Orchard Garden Hotel?
Yes, there is free WiFi and it's available in all areas.
What breakfast options are available at Orchard Garden Hotel?
Orchard Garden Hotel doesn't offer any breakfast.
What credit cards do you accept?
American Express, Visa, Master card, Discovery club, JCB, and Discover are accepted at Orchard Garden Hotel.
When is the Orchard Garden Hotel checkout time?
The hotel checkout time is 12:00 pm
When is the check-in time?
Check-in time begins from 3:00 pm at Orchard Grand Hotel.
Are pets allowed there?
Pets are not allowed at Orchard Hotel.
Do I need a reservation for parking at Orchard  Hotel?
a reservation for parking is not needed at the Orchard Hotel
Do you allow smoking at your hotel?
Orchard Hotel is a smoke-free property with non smoking rooms.
Do you have any parking facilities on site?
There is a parking garage to park your car at Orchard Hotel.
Do you have baggage storage?
Yes, there is baggage storage.
Do you have room service?
Yes, they have room service.
Do you take credit cards?
The Orchard Hotel accepts JCB, Diners Club, Discover, Visa and Mastercard as payment.
Does Orchard Hotel have a concierge service available?
The Orchard Hotel provides a concierge service.
Does Orchard Hotel have facilities for disabled guests?
The Orchard Hotel has facilities for disabled guests.
Does the Orchard Hotel have banquet and meeting facilities?
Meeting and Banquet facilities are available at an extra charge.
Does the hotel have air conditioning?
Yes, each room has air conditioning
How much to get onto your wireless?
Yes, WiFi is available for free.
How much will I have to pay to park?
It is 59 american dollars a day for parking.
Is Free WiFi offered at Orchard Hotel?
Free WiFi is offered at Orchard Hotel.
Is the front desk open 24 hours?
Yes, this hotel provides 24 hour front desk service.
Is there a restaurant in the hotel?
There is a restaurant and bar called Daffodil Restaurant on-site.
Is there an elevator in the Orchard Hotel ?
Orchard Hotel has a lift.
Is there dry cleaning available?
Dry cleaning is available, but there is an additional charge.
Is there heat in the guest rooms?
Yes, each room is heated
What is the check-out time at Orchard Hotel?
Check out time at Orchard Hotel is noon.
What languages are spoken at the Orchard Hotel?
English, Spanish, Japanese, and Filipino are spoken here.
What time does check-in begin?
3:00 PM is the check-in time for guests at Orchard Hotel.
are there extra beds I can get?
Extra beds are available at the Orchard Hotel but may be limited for various reasons.
Are extra bed available?
Unfortunately this property doesn't provide extra beds.
Are pets allowed?
Pets are not allowed at Pacific Heights Inn.
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Free WiFi is available in each room.
Can I get help in another language?
Chinese, English and Spanish are spoken at the Pacific Heights Inn.
Do they offer wifi there?
WiFi is free at this property.
Do you clean the rooms every day?
Yes, Daily housekeeping provided
Do you offer breakfast in the morning ?
This facility offers a continental breakfast.
Is parking free at Pacific Heights Inn by Magnuson Worldwide?
parking is free
Is there a cost for parking at the Pacific Heights Inn by Magnuson Worldwide?
no, because parking is free.
Is there any age restriction to check-in at Pacific Heights Inn by Magnuson Worldwide?
There is not an age restriction to check in at Pacific Heights Inn by Magnuson Worldwide.
Is there heat in the rooms?
Rooms are heated at Pacific Heights Inn by Magnuson Worldwide.
What is the check out time at Pacific Heights Inn?
The check out time at Pacific Heights Inn is 11:00AM.
What payment methods are accepted?
The following payment methods are accepted by this hotel: American Express, Visa, and MasterCard.
What time is check in?
Check-in time begins at 3:00 p.m.
When is front desk service available?
Yes, the front desk at Pacific Heights Inn by Magnuson Worldwide open for 24 hours.
Where are the smoking areas?
There are no designated smoking areas at Pacific Heights Inn by Magnuson Worldwide.
Will there be somewhere to safely park my car?
The Pacific Heights Inn by Magnuson Worldwide provides free on site parking.
Are pets allowed on site?
Pets are not allowed.
Check in and checkout time is when?
Check-out time is between 11:300 a.m. and 12:00 p.m. at the Parker Guest House.
DO you have daily housekeeping?
Under most popular amenities house keeping is listed as being included.
Do you all have designated areas for smoking?
The Parker Guest House has areas designated for smoking.
Do you have Wi-Fi onsite?
WiFi is free at the Parker Guest House.
Do you offer extra beds for guests ?
Extra beds are not available at Parker Guest House.
Does your hotel offer concierge services?
The Parker Guest House does provide concierge service.
Does your hotel offer heated rooms?
The rooms at Parker Guest House are heated.
How much do you charge for wifi?
Wifi is available and it is free.
Is a parking reservation required at Parker Guest House?
A reservation is required for on-site private parking at Parker Guest House.
Is parking available at the Parker Guest House?
Parking is private and on site. Reservation is needed and costs up to $28 a day
Is parking available at the Parker Guest House?
Yes, you can park your car at the Parker Guest House, but a reservation is required and there is a daily fee.
Is there any security deposit required to stay at Parker Guest House?
No security deposit is required.
What are the breakfast options at this location?
This hotel provides either a continental or buffet breakfast.
What is the check-in time?
The check-in time at Parker Guest House is 3:00 PM to 8:00PM.
What languages are spoken at Parker Guest House?
The English language is spoken at Parker Guest House.
What's the minimum age for check-in at the Parker Guest House?
The minimum age for check-in at the Parker Guest House is 18 years of age.
Where can I leave my bags for a while after checkout?
Parker Guest House provides baggage storage.
Which credit cards are accepted?
American Express,Visa and Master card options are available for payment method.
Am I allowed to bring a pet with me?
Pets are not allowed at this hotel.
Are reservations needed when I check in?
Reservations are not needed at Petite Auberge.
Are the rooms at Petite Auberge air-conditioned?
The rooms at Petite Auberge are air-conditioned.
Are there baggage storage service?
Yes, Petite Auberge offers baggage storage.
Can I request an extra cot?
No extra beds are offered at this hotel
Can you smoke at the Petite Auberge?
Smoking is not allowed.
Do I have to pay for parking at Petite Auberge.
Petite Auberge has accessible parking that you have to pay for.
Do you have a banquet room or meeting rooms?
They do not have any banquet facilities or meeting rooms
Do you have an elevator?
Yes, Petite Auberge has a lift.
Do you have concierge service?
Yes, Petite Auberge offers concierge service.
Do you offer dry cleaning?
The Petite Auberge offers dry cleaning services for an additional fee.
Does Petite Auberge have parking available?
Private parking is available at a location nearby for a charge.
How much is parking?
Parking costs $51.00 (plus tax) per night.
How much is the WiFi?
There is no charge for Wifi usage at the Petite Auberge.
Is daily housekeeping available?
Daily housekeeping is provided.
Is free WiFi available?
Free WiFi is available at Petite Auberge.
Is heating available in the rooms at Petite Auberge?
Yes, the rooms at Petite Auberge are heated.
Is there a continental breakfast?
There is a free breakfast buffet available.
What credit cards are accepted for payment at this place?
Petite Auberge accepts Visa, Mastercard, American Express, Discover Card and Diners Club for payment.
What is the check in time at the hotel?
Check in time at the Petite Auberge is 3:00pm
What is the check-out time?
Check-out time is 12:00 p.m.
What languages are spoken at Petite Auberge?
English is spoken at Petite Auberge.
Are the facility for people with disability?
Yes, The Phoenix Hotel has disability access.
Are there any deposit requirement upon check in?
A $100 deposit is needed at check in and will be reimbursed after check out
Do you accept pets?
There may be a fee for pets staying with guests at the Phoenix Hotel.
Do you have free parking?
Yes, the parking is free at the Phoenix Hotel.
Do you have storage for luggage?
The Phoenix Hotel does have luggage storage.
Do you need to make a reservation to stay at the Phoenix Hotel?
You don't need to make a reservation in advance for parking.
Do you offer additional beds for children?
Phoenix Hotel does not allow extra beds.
Do you provide dry cleaning service?
The Phoenix Hotel provides dry cleaning service for an additional charge.
Do your rooms have heating?
Yes heating is provided
Does Phoenix Hotel have any restaurants or bars?
There is one restaurant onsite at the Phoenix Hotel. No bar is mentioned.
Does Phoenix Hotel provide WiFi Service and is there an additional charge for it?
Free WiFi at the Phoenix Hotel.
Does the Phoenix Hotel offer meeting or banquet facilities?
No, this property doesn't offer meeting or banquet facilities.
Does the Phoenix Hotel provide concierge service?
concierge Service Provided.
Does the hotel have a pool?
Yes, there is an outdoor pool onsite.
Does this site have designated smoking area?
There are no  designated smoking areas at all here.
Hi, can you let me know the hours of the front desk?
Yes, the front desk is open 24 hours/day.
Is daily housekeeping services provided at the Phoenix Hotel?
The Phoenix Hotel does provide daily housekeeping service.
Is the parking free or do I need to reserve a spot?
Free on-site parking is available at the Phoenix Hotel, with no reservation needed.
Is there free WiFi at the Phoenix Hotel?
Free wi-fi is available at the Phoenix Hotel.
What credit cards do you all take?
American Express, Visa and Master Cards options are available.
What is the cost of parking at the site?
The Phoenix Hotel offers free private parking.
What languages are spoken at Phoenix Hotel?
They speak English.
What time is check out tine of the phoenix?
Check-out at the Phoenix Hotel is at 12:00 pm.
When is check-in time?
Check-in time is 3:00 PM.
Are free breakfasts included?
A free breakfast is provided daily.
Are pets allowed on site?
Pets are not allowed at Presidio Parkway Inn.
Are the rooms air-conditioned?
The rooms at Presidio Parkway are air-conditioned.
Can I get a smoking room?
This property is smoke-free.
Can I make reservations for parking?
Reservations are not available for parking at the Presidio Parkway Inn
Can I request an extra cot?
Extra beds are available at Presidio Parkway Inn.
Does Presidio Parkway Inn have disability accessible rooms?
Presidio Parkway Inn has disability access rooms.
Does Presidio Parkway Inn have lift?
Presidio Parkway Inn provides a lift/elevator as a general amenity.
Does Presidio Parkway Inn offer daily housekeeping?
Daily housekeeping is available at Presidio Parkway Inn
Does Presidio Parkway Inn provide any concierge service?
No, Presidio Parkway Inn does not provide concierge service.
Does the Inn have WiFi?
Wifi is available to all for free
How much to get onto your wireless?
WiFi is free at Presidio Parkway Inn.
Is baggage storage available?
Baggage Storage is available at the front desk of Presidio Parkway Inn.
Is shuttle service provided at Presidio Parkway Inn?
Presidio Parkway Inn provides shuttle service.
Is the front desk open throughout the day and night?
Yes, the front desk in open 24 hours a day.
Is there any kitchen available for guests at Presidio Parkway Inn?
A kitchen is not available for guests at Presidio Parkway Inn.
Is there parking at the Inn?
The Presidio Parkway Inn has parking available onsite
What credit cards are accepted at Presidio Parkway Inn?
American Express, Visa, MasterCard, and Discover are accepted here.
What laguange is spoken at Presidio Parkway Inn?
English and Spanish are spoken at the Presidio Parkway Inn.
What time do I have to check out?
11:00 is the check out time at the Presidio Parkway Inn
When does the check-in time begin at Presidio Parkway Inn?
Check-in time begins at 3:00 PM at Presidio Parkway Inn.
Where can I find a place to leave my car?
There is free public parking on site and a reservation is not possible.
Are the hotel rooms heated?
Yes, the Ram's Hotel offers its guests heated rooms.
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Ram's Hotel provides free WiFi.
Can I bring my dog?
Pets are not allowed.
Do you have concierge service?
Concierge service is available.
Do you have daily housekeeping service?
Yes, there is daily housekeeping service.
Do you have luggage storage?
There is luggage storage service available
Does Ram's Hotel have accessible parking?
Ram's Hotel does not provide accessible parking.
Does Ram's Hotel offer extra beds?
No, Ram's Hotel does not offer extra beds.
Is parking available at this hotel?
There is not parking at Ram's Hotel, but street parking is available.
Is this a nonsmoking hotel?
There are nonsmoking throughout the hotel
What does WiFi cost at Ram's Hotel?
Free WiFi is available at Ram's Hotel.
What forms of payment does Ram's Hotel accept?
American Express, Visa, MasterCard, DIners Club, JCB, , Discover and Union Pay are accepted by Ram's Hotel.
What languages are spoken at the hotel?
Ram's Hotel speaks English and Hindi.
What time is check in?
Check-in time is at 3:00pm
What time is check-out at your hotel?
Check out time is 11:00am
When does front desk service open at Ram's Hotel?
24-hour front desk service is available at Ram's Hotel.
Are extra bed available?
You can ask but they don't offer extra beds.
Are pets allowed at Royal Pacific Motor Inn?
Unfortunately pets are not allowed at this property.
Are the rooms heated?
Rooms at the Royal Pacific Motor Inn are heated
Are there any daily housekeeping services?
Daily housekeeping is available at the inn
Can you smoke on the property?
No, Royal Pacific Motor Inn is a smoke-free property.
Do you offer dry cleaning services?
There doesn't appear to be any dry cleaning service
Does Royal Pacific Motor Inn offer WiFi?
WiFi is free at the Royal Pacific Motor Inn.
Does the Inn have free parking?
Yes, they offer free parking.
Is there an elevator at Royal Pacific Motor Inn?
Yes, there is an elevator
What do you charge for WiFi?
WiFi is available for free and is available in all areas
What is the check in time at the hotel?
Check in time at the Royal Pacific Motor Inn as at 3:00 PM.
What is the cost of parking at this location?
Free parking is available at Royal Pacific Motor Inn.
What payment methods do you accept?
This property accepts American Express, Visa, Mastercard, and Discover.
When is check out?
Under the FAQ section it lists check out time is until 12:00pm for guests.
When is front desk service available?
The front desk is open 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Will I have to pay to park at your hotel?
No, free guest parking is provided.
Are the rooms at this location heated?
All the rooms at the San Francisco Marriott Fisherman's Wharf are heated.
Are there dry cleaning services at the San Francisco Marriott Fisherman's Wharf?
The San Francisco Marriott Fisherman's Wharf provides dry cleaning service for an additional charge.
Are there smoking area available?
This property is smoke-free.
Check in and checkout time is when?
The check-in time at the San Francisco Marriott Fisherman's Wharf is anytime after 4 p.m..
Do  you have Wifi for guests to use?
WiFi is available and charges apply.
Do you have a pet friendly room?
Charges may apply if you stay with your pet.
Do you have anything in the pool that will assist those in a wheelchair to use the pool?
There are facilities for disabled guests.
Do you have elevators?
The San Francisco Marriott Fisherman's Wharf has an elevator.
Do you have meeting rooms available?
Yes, meeting and business facilities are available for an additional charge
Do you have onsite parking?
Parking is available at San Francisco Marriott Fisherman's Wharf in a secure parking garage at a price of $62 per day.
Do you offer extra beds at San Francisco Marriott Fisherman's Wharf?
San Francisco Marriott Fisherman's Wharf does not offer extra beds.
Do you serve breakfast at the hotel?
Breakfast is served at the Red Fin restaurant, which is onsite.
Does San Francisco Marriott Fisherman's Wharf have a fitness center?
There is a gym at San Francisco Marriott Fisherman's Wharf.
Does your rooms have air conditioning.
Yes, there is air-conditioning.
How late is your front desk open until?
The front desk at San Francisco Marriott Fisherman's Wharf is open 24 hours.
How much to reserve a parking space?
They do not take parking reservations.
Is baggage or luggage storage available at this location?
Baggage storage is available at the front desk services.
Is room service available for all rooms?
Yes, room service is available at the San Francisco Marriott Fisherman's Wharf.
Is the Concierge service available at San Francisco Marriott Fisherman's Wharf?
Concierge service is available at San Francisco Marriott Fisherman's Wharf.
Is there dining at San Francisco Marriott Fisherman's Wharf?
The Red Fin Restaurant & Lounge is located on-site at San Francisco Marriott Fisherman's Wharf, which serves breakfast, lunch and dinner including alcoholic beverages.
Is there housekeeping?
Yes, there is daily housekeeping.
What is the cost of parking at the site?
The cite does not state what the charges will be
What is the latest time I can check out?
The check-out time at San Francisco Marriott Fisherman's Wharf is 12:00PM.
What is your parking like?
There is public parking available on site and costs $62 a day, reservations aren't possible.
What payment options are accepted at this location?
San Francisco Marriot Fisherman's Wharf accepts Visa, Mastercard, American Express, Discover, Diners Club, JBC and UnionPay.
What type of parking is available?
Yes, accessible parking is available.
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Yes, San Francisco Marriott Union Square offers WiFi for USD 14.95 per 24 hours.
Are there designated smoking areas at San Francisco Marriott Union Square?
The San Francisco Marriott Union Square is a smoke-free property.
Are there elevators at this location?
No lift services appear to be available here.
Do the rooms have heating?
Yes, the rooms at San Francisco Marriott Union Square are heated.
Do the rooms offer air conditioning?
Yes, all rooms are air-conditioned.
Do they have parking on site?
Yes there is on site parking at a additional charge of $70.68 per day.
Do they offer room service
Room service is available at San Francisco Marriott Union Square.
Do you allow pets?
The San Francisco Marriott Union Square does not allow pets.
Do you happen to have rooms that are wheel chair accessible?
San Francisco Marriott Union Square does have wheel chair accessible rooms available.
Do you have exercise equipment at the hotel?
San Francisco Marriott Union Square has a fitness center available for use.
Do you have extra beds available?
They do not offer additional beds.
Do you offer a concierge service?
Yes, there is concierge service available.
Do you provide housekeeping services?
YES, daily housekeeping service
Does your hotel offer meeting rooms and how much would they be?
Yes, there are meeting and banquet facilities available for an extra charge.
How far in advance do I need to make reservations?
Reservations are not needed at the San Francisco Marriott Union Square.
How much is the wifi available?
WiFi is available in room for the price of $14.95 for 24 hours.
Is dry cleaning available at this establishment?
Dry cleaning is available at an additional charge.
Is there a restaurant or bar there?
There is a restaurant and bar onsite at San Francisco Marriott Union Square.
Is your front desk staffed around the clock?
Yes, the San Francisco Marriott Union Square has a 24-hour front desk.
What are the dining options at San Francisco Marriott Union Square?
There is a restaurant onsite that offers both a la carte and buffet items for breakfast.
What forms of payment do you take?
San Francisco Marriott Union Square accepts American Express, Visa, Mastercard, Diners, JCB, Discover and Unionpay credit cards.
What is the cost of parking at the site?
Regular parking is offered at no cost and private parking costs $70.68 per day
What languages are spoken on site?
they speak english and spanish.
What time can I check into my room?
Check-in time begins from 4:00 pm at San Francisco Marriott Union Square.
What time is checkout?
The checkout time is 11:00 am
Are meeting and banquet facilities available?
The San Francisco Proper Hotel offers meeting/banquet facilities at an additional charge.
Are pets allowed at San Francisco Proper Hotel?
Maybe, pets are allowed and extra charges may apply.
Are there any workout facilities at the hotel?
There is an onsite fitness center.
Are there concierge services at the hotel?
The San Francisco Proper Hotel has concierge service listed under "Front Desk Services" that they provide.
Are there places to eat on site?
Yes, a restaurant and a bar are available onsite.
Can I store my luggage at the hotel if I get there before check in?
luggage service is available at San Francisco Proper Hotel
Can you accommodate a guest in a wheelchair?
There are facilities for disabled guests at San Francisco Proper Hotel.
Can you tell me if the rooms at San Francisco Proper Hotel have heating?
The rooms are heated.
Do you allow smokers here?
No, San Francisco Proper Hotel is a smoke-free property.
Do you have daily housekeeping?
Yes, daily housekeeping is provided under the cleaning service amenities.
Do you offer parking at your facility?
parking costs $65 daily at San Francisco Proper Hotel
Does San Francisco Proper Hotel provide room service?
The San Francisco Proper Hotel does provide room service.
Does your hotel have an elevator?
The hotel does have an elevator (lift).
How frequent is your front desk service?
The hotel has 24 hour front desk available.
Is WiFi available and is it free?
WiFi is available for free at the San Francisco Proper Hotel.
Is there a daily fee for WiFi?
The WiFi at this hotel is free.
Is there air conditioning and heating in the rooms?
The San Francisco Proper Hotel rooms are air-conditioned/heated.
Is there any reservation required for parking?
No reservation is required for parking at San Francisco Proper Hotel.
Is there parking available?
Off-site parking at a nearby location is available for $65 per day, while staying at the San Francisco Proper Hotel.
What is minimum age of entry to check in at the hotel?
Yes, the minimum age for check-ins at San Francisco Proper Hotel is 18.
What time is check-out at your hotel?
Check-out time is at 12:00 PM.
What time is checkin?
Check-in time begins at 3:00 PM at San Francisco Proper Hotel.
What type of payment method do you accept?
The Proper Hotel accepts Visa, Mastercard, Discover and American Express.
Will I be able to get an extra bed put in my room?
No, under the house rules section it says they do not offer extra beds.
are dry cleaning services offered?
Dry cleaning is available at San Francico Proper Hotel.
Are there any WiFi at the site?
The WiFi at SF Plaza Hotel is free of charge.
Do you all take pets?
Pets Not Allowed.
Do you guys offer daily housekeeping service?
Yes, it offers daily housekeeping service.
Do you have room service?
Room service is provided at the SF Plaza Hotel.
Do your rooms have heat?
There are heated rooms at the SF Plaza Hotel
Does SF Plaza Hotel offer extra beds?
Unfortunately this property doesn't provide extra beds.
Does the SF Plaza Hotel have an elevator?
An elevator is available for the SF Plaza Hotel.
How much to get onto your wireless?
There is free WiFi available in the hotel rooms at the SF Plaza Hotel.
If I need something, is there always someone at the front desk?
Yes, the front desk is staffed 24 hours per day.
Is a parking lot available for me to use at your hotel?
Yes, the SF Plaza Hotel has a parking gargage.
Is there a shuttle?
SF Plaza Hotel has shuttle services.
Is there a smoking area?
No, it is a smoke-free property
Is there any security deposit required to stay at SF Plaza Hotel?
Security deposits are not required to stay at the SF Plaza Hotel.
Is there anywhere to store my bags at SF Plaza Hotel?
Yes, baggage storage is provided at an additional charge.
What are the breakfast options at SF Plaza Hotel?
There are continental and buffet breakfast options at SF Plaza Hotel.
What are the check in hours for SF Plaza Hotel?
The hours of check-in for the SF Plaza Hotel are as follows 3pm-11:30pm.
What credit cards are accepted at SF Plaza Hotel?
All major credit cards are accepted.
What languages do SF Plaza Hotel members speak?
English, Japanese, Portuguese, Filipino and Chinese are spoken at the SF Plaza Hotel.
When is check-out time at SF Plaza Hotel?
The check-out time is until 12:00 PM.
do you all have meeting spaces?
SF Plaza Hotel does not offer meeting or banquet facilities to guests.
Are guests allowed to bring pets along at Signature San Francisco?
Pets are not allowed here.
Are rooms air conditioned?
Yes, there is air conditioning.
Do I need a reservation to park there first?
A reservation for parking is not required.
Do you have wireless internet?
WiFi is available at Signature San Francisco.
Does Signature San Francisco have accessible parking?
No, Signature San Francisco does not have accessible parking.
Hello. How are you? I was wondering if you offer extra beds?
No, there are no extra beds offered.
Hiw much is parking at signature san francisco?
Parking at Signature San Francisco costs $30 per day.
Is the front desk always manned?
Yes, the front desk is open 24 hours.
Is there a certain time I can check in?
Check-in at the Signature San Francisco is at 3:00 P.M.
Is there a charge for WiFi?
WiFi is free for all location at Signature San Francisco.
Is there private parking at Signature San Francisco?
Yes, private parking is available onsite.
What are the breakfast options at Signature San Francisco?
You can get a continental breakfast
What cards do you accept for payment?
Signature San Francisco accepts American Express, Visa, MasterCard, Diners Club International, JCB and Discover cards.
When do I have to vacat the room?
11:00 AM is the check-out time at Signature San Francisco.
Where are your smoking areas?
No, Information regarding any designated smoking areas. The rooms are non-smoking.
Am I able to smoke in my room at the hotel?
SOMA Park Inn is a smoke free motel.
Do I need reservation to park at this site?
Yes, a reservation for parking is required at this property.
Do they have an elevator?
Yes, there is an elevator available
Do you have a pet friendly room?
Unfortunately pets are not allowed on this property.
Do your rooms have air conditioning?
Yes, the rooms are air-conditioned.
Does your Inn provide any WiFi service for guests?
WiFi is not available at SOMA Park Inn.
How much does it cost to use WiFi at SOMA Park Inn?
There is no fee for WiFi at SOMA Park Inn.
Is there a way to have an extra bed brought up to your room at SOMA Park Inn?
No, this property doesn't offer extra bed.
Is there public parking on site at Soma Park Inn?
Yes, SOMA Park Inn has public parking available on site for USD 25 per day.
What are the hours of the front desk?
The front desk at SOMA Park Inn is open 24 hours a day.
What breakfast options are available at SOMA Park Inn?
Breakfast options are not available at SOMA Park Inn.
What is the check in time for your hotel?
The check-in time at SOMA Park inn is 3:00 PM.
What is the cost of parking at the site?
Parking is available for $25 per day.
What time is check-out?
The check-out time at SOMA Park Inn is 11:00 am.
What type of payment method do you accept?
This hotel accepts American Express, VISA, MasterCard and Discover.
Am I allowed to park anywhere in the parking lot?
yes you can park there.
Are the onsite restraint located at the site?
Yes there is an on-site restraint located in the lounge.
Are there Elevator available at the site?
Yes, there is a lift at St. Regis San Francisco.
Are there any WiFi at the site?
There is WiFi available in all areas at St. Regis San Francisco for $14.95 per 24 hours.
Are there any services for people with disabilities?
Yes they do have many services for disabilities
Can I request an extra cot?
No, the property doesn't offer extra bed.
Do I reserve a parking spot?
No you can park without a reservation for $ 78.66 per day
Do you guys offer dry cleaning services?
Dry cleaning services are offered to guests for an additional charge.
Do you have a swimming pool?
There is a swimming pool.
Do you have any multilignual staff?
Languages spoken at the St. Regis San Francisco include English, Spanish, German, Chinese and French.
Do your offer banquet facility?
St. Regis San Francisco does offer a meeting and banquet facility for an additional charge.
Does the hotel permit pets?
There is an extra fee to stay with pets at St. Regis San Francisco. Pets are allowed but there may be an extra charge.
How often can I request maid service?
St. Regis San Francisco provides housekeeping services once a day.
Is parking available?
Parking is available for $78.66 each day.
Is room service available at this hotel?
Yes, room service is available
Is smoking allowed inside the facility?
No, it is a smoke-free facility.
Is there a concierge service at this location?
Concierge service is provided at St. Regis San Francisco.
Is there a fee for parking at St. Regis San Francisco?
Parking is available on site at St. Regis San Francisco for USD 78.66 per day.
Is there a gym available in the building?
Yes, a fitness center is available at this property.
Is there air-conditioning?
Yes, all rooms provide heating and air-conditioning.
Is there baggage storage?
There is luggage storage at this site
What is the cost of WiFi at the St. Regis San Francisco?
WiFi at the St. Regis San Francisco costs $14.95 per 24 hours.
What kind of payment methods St. Regis San Francisco accepts?
The St. Regis San Francisco accepts American Express, Visa, Mastercard, Diner's Club, JCB, Discover, Union Pay, and other payment methods.
What time is check-in?
The check in time is from 4pm.
When is check-out time at St. Regis San Francisco?
Check-out time at St. Regis San Francisco is 11am.
When is front desk service available?
The front desk is open for 24 hours.
Will my room at the St Regis San Francisco have air conditioning?
Yes, each room has air conditioning
Are there facility for people with disability?
Yes, there are rooms available for disabled guests.
Can I come in really late?
Yes, 24 Hours Front Desk Avail.
Can I get to and from the airport via shuttle?
Yes, there is a shuttle service and an airport shuttle service for additional charges
Can I request an extra cot?
SW Hotel does offer extra beds when requested.
Can I store my baggage at this hotel?
This hotel does provide baggage storage.
Do the guest rooms have air conditioning?
Guest rooms are air conditioned at the SW Hotel.
Do you allow pets at your hotel?
Pet is now allowed at the hotel.
Do you have cooling and heating in the rooms?
Yes the rooms are heated at SW Hotel.
Do you have lift service?
Yes, SW Hotel has lift.
Do you have parking accessible to the hotel?
They have accessible parking.
Does this site have designated smoking area?
This is a smoke-free property.
How much is the parking at the hotel?
Parking at the SW Hotel is priced at $35 per day
Is WiFi available at SW Hotel?
WiFi is available for free at this hotel.
Is free wifi available?
free wifi is available at SW Hotel
Is on site parking available at Sw Hotel?
Parking is available on site for $35 per day.
What is the check-out time at SW Hotel?
check out time is 11 am.
What is the minimum age for check-in at SW Hotel?
Yes, the minimum age for check-in is 21.
What languages do the staff speak?
Staff here speak English and Chinese.
What type of parking is available?
The SW hotel has an on site parking that does not require prior reservation.
What types of charge cards do you all take?
American Express, Visa and MasterCard are accepted by SW Hotel.
up to what time are you open?
The check-in time is at 3:00 PM.
Any handicapped rooms?
Rooms with disability access are available at Taj Campton Place.
Are elevators available at this hotel?
Taj Campton Place has elevators available
Are pets allowed on site?
Pets are allowed on request and a fee may apply.
Are the rooms here heated?
Yes, the rooms at Taj Campton Place are heated.
Do I need reservations for parking there?
You don't need to make an advance reservation for parking at this property.
Do you have any exercise or gym facilities?
Yes, there is a 24-hour rooftop gym onsite.
Do you have luggage service?
Yes, luggage service is provided for an additional charge.
Does Taj Campton Place have banquet facilities?
Taj Campton Place has meeting/banquet facilities available for an additional charge.
Does Taj Campton Place have housekeeping?
they do provide daily housekeeping service.
Does your hotel have room service?
Room Service is available at Taj Campton Place.
How can I dry clean some clothes while I'm there?
they offer dry cleaning services at an additional charge.
How many restaurant are available at the site?
There is one restaurant on site, the Campton Place Restaurant.
How much is Parking at Taj Campton Place?
USD $68 is the cost for parking at Taj Campton Place.
Is there a front desk?
Yes, there is a 24-hour front desk at Taj Campton Place.
Is there a smoking area at Taj Campton Place?
Yes, the Taj Campton Place has a designated smoking area.
Is there any kitchen available for guests at Taj Campton Place?
There is not a kitchen available at Taj Campton Place.
Is there any security deposit required to stay at Taj Campton Place?
The Taj Campton Place does not require a security deposit.
What is the WiFi like while staying at the Taj Campton Place?
WiFi service is available in all areas and is free of charge at Taj Campton Place.
What is the charge for WiFi at Taj Campton Place?
WiFi is free at the Taj Campton Place.
What is the earliest check-in time?
Check-in begins at 3:00pm.
What languages are spoken at this hotel?
The languages spoken at the Taj Campton Place are German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Italian, Thai, Filipino, and Chinese.
When is the check out time?
Checkout is 12 pm
Where can guests have breakfast at Taj Campton Place?
Guests may have breakfast in their rooms or in the restaurant.
Where do you park when you're staying at Taj Campton Place?
There is private parking at a nearby location and it costs $68 per day.
Which payment methods do you accept?
Master Card, Visa Diner Club, American Express and JCB are accepted at Taj Campton Place.
can I bring my dog with me?
No you can not.
hi! Im just wondering if the room are air-conditioned?
Yes, the rooms at Taj Campton Place are air-conditioned.
Are all rooms heated?
Yes the rooms are heated at Taylor Hotel San Francisco.
Are pets allowed at Taylor Hotel San Francisco?
Pets are not allowed at the Taylor Hotel San Francisco.
Can I request an extra cot?
Extra beds are not available at the Taylor Hotel San Francisco.
Do they offer wifi?
WiFi is free at the Taylor Hotel San Francisco.
Do you have parking for cars there?
There is no parking available at Taylor Hotel San Francisco.
Do you offer wifi services?
Yes, it is free and available in all areas
Does Taylor Hotel San Francisco have elevator?
Yes, there is an elevator here.
Does this site have designated smoking area?
Taylor Hotel San Francisco is a smoke-free property with no designated smoking area.
Is there minimum damage deposit?
Yes, $300 damage deposit is required on arrival.
What languages are spoken at Taylor Hotel San Francisco?
English is spoken at Taylor Hotel San Francisco.
What payment options are offered at the Taylor Hotel San Francisco?
Payment options are Mastercard, Visa, Discover and American Express.
What time can I check in?
check in time is at 3 pm
When is the check out time?
The check-out time at Taylor Hotel San Francisco is 10:00 AM.
Are rooms air conditioned?
Generally Air conditioned.
Can I park onsite?
Onsite private parking is available for $59.00 per day.
Check in and checkout time is when?
The check-in time at The Clift Royal Sonesta San Francisco is 3:00 PM.
Do I need to reserve a parking spot during my stay?
No, you don't need to make an advance reservation for parking here.
Do you have a way to keep my bags after checkout if I'm staying over for a few hours?
the front desk offers baggage storage.
Do you have any parking available at the hotel?
Parking is available at The Clift Royal Sonesta San Francisco.
Do you provide room service?
Yes, The Clift Royal Sonesta San Francisco provides room serivice.
Does The Clift Royal Sonesta San Francisco offer dry cleaning?
dry cleaning is available at The Clift Royal Sonesta San Francisco
Does The Clift Royal Sonesta San Francisco offer meeting and banquet facilities?
The Clift Royal Sonesta San Francisco offers meeting and banquet facilities.
Does it cost extra to bring my dog?
The pet fee at The Clift Royal Sonesta San Francisco is 75 USD per stay.
Does this location have a fitness center onsite?
Yes, The Clift Royal Sonesta San Francisco has a fitness center onsite.
Does your hotel have any smoking rooms?
No, only non-smoking rooms are available.
How much are extra beds?
There are extra beds at a price of $40 per night
I need to work from my room and wonder if wifi is available and how much is added on to my bill?
Wifi is available and free.
Is Concierge service available at The Clift Royal Sonesta San Francisco?
Concierge service is available at The Clift Royal Sonesta San Francisco.
Is an elevator available at The Clift Royal Sonesta San Francisco?
Elevator Available.
Is daily housekeeping provided at The Clift Sonesta San Francisco?
Yes, Daily Housekeeping Available.
Is the hotel heated?
In general, the facilities at The Clift Royal Sonesta San Francisco have heating.
Is there a charge for your WiFi service?
WiFi service is free for guests at The Clift Royal Sonesta San Francisco.
What are the hours of the front desk?
Yes, this property has a 24-hour front desk.
What is the checkout time at The Clift Royal Sonesta San Francisco?
Guests should be checked out by 12 noon.
What is the minimum age of entry to check in at the hotel?
Guests must be at least 18 years old to check-in.
What languages are spoken at The Clift Royal Sonesta San Francisco?
They speak English, Spanish, Italian, Portuguese, and Chinese at The Clift Royal Sonesta San Francisco.
What type of payment method do you accept?
Credit cards are accepted by The Clift Royal Sonesta San Francisco. They accept Visa, Master Card, American Express, Discover and JCB.
Where are the closest bars and restaurants?
There is a bar and restaurant onsite at The Clift Royal Sonesta San Francisco.
Are extra beds available?
Extra beds are n the list you can request but it is only if the beds are available at that time
Are pets allowed on site?
Charges may apply if bringing pets to The Fairmont Heritage Place.
Are there dry cleaning service offered?
Dry cleaning is available.
Are there elevators?
It does not state that it has a lift. It has facilities for the disabled.
Do I need reservations to park at this place?
Reservations are not needed for parking at The Fairmont Heritage Place Ghirardelli Square.
Do the rooms get cleaned daily?
Yes, daily housekeeping is provided.
Do you have room service?
Yes, this property does offer room service.
Do you have rooms that are accessible for the disabled?
Yes, The Fairmont Heritage Place Ghiradelli Square has rooms with disability access.
Do you offer meeting halls?
Yes, meeting or banquet facilities are available for an additional charge.
Do you offer storage for bags?
Yes, The Fairmont Heritage Place Ghirardelli Square provides baggage storage.
Does the hotel allow smoking?
There is no designated smoking area at The Fairmont Heritage Place Ghirardelli Square, it is non-smoking throughout.
Does the hotel have WiFi?
Free WiFi is available throughout the hotel.
Does your hotel offer air-conditioned rooms?
Yes, the rooms are air-conditioned.
Does your hotel offer heat?
The rooms at The Fairmont Heritage Place Ghirardelli Square are heated.
How much is parking at The Fairmont Heritage Place Ghiradelli Square?
Parking at The Fairmont Heritage Place Ghirardelli Square is $65 per day.
How much is parking?
The Fairmont Heritage Place Ghirardelli Square offers parking at a rate of sixty five dollars per day.
Is 24 hour concierge service available at this hotel?
24 hour concierge service is available.
Is a fitness center available onsite?
A fitness center is available onsite for guests of The Fairmont Heritage Place Ghirardelli Square.
Is the front desk open all night?
Yes, the front desk is open 24 hours/day.
Is there WiFi at The Fairmont Heritage Place Ghirardelli Square ?
There is free WiFi.
Is there an airport shuttle?
Airport shuttle is provided for an additional charge.
Is there any restaurant or bar onsite at The Fairmont Heritage Place Ghirardelli Square?
The Fairmont Heritage Place Ghirardelli Square has two restaurants and a bar onsite.
Is there parking onsite?
Yes, accessible parking is available onsite.
What is the earliest I can check in?
Check in time starts at 4:00 p.m.
What is the latest I can check out?
The check-out time is 11AM at the latest.
What is the minimum age for check-in at the Fairmont Heritage Place Ghirardelli Square?
The minimum age for check-in at The Fairmont Heritage Place Ghirardelli Square is 21 years old.
What methods of payment do you take?
The Fairmont Heritage accepts common credit cards including; American Express, VISA, Mastercard, and Discover.
Are concierge services offered?
The Grove Inn offers concierge service for customers.
Are pets allowed on site?
Pets are not allowed to lodge at The Grove Inn.
Are there heating on the rooms?
Yes the rooms at The Grove Inn are heated.
Do the rooms have WiFi?
Free WiFi is available the The Grove Inn.
Do they offer housekeeping service?
Yes, there is daily housekeeping service.
Do you have parking onsite?
There is no parking at The Grove Inn.
Do you offer wifi?
WiFi is free for guests at The Grove Inn.
Does The Grove Inn provide extra beds?
The Grove Inn does provide extra beds depending on the room you choose.
Does this site have designated smoking area?
There is no designated smoking area at The Grove Inn
Is breakfast included at The Grove Inn?
A good continental breakfast is available at The Grove Inn. The breakfast includes good coffee.
Is check out time at 10:00 AM?
The check-out time is at 11:00 AM at this property.
What can I do with my bags after checkout if I don't leave town right away?
The Grove Inn offers luggage and baggage services.
What different languages are spoken at your inn?
English, Spanish, German and Italian are spoken at The Grove Inn.
What is the check in time at The Grove Inn?
Check in at The Grove Inn is between 3:00pm and 10:00pm.
What types of credit cards do you all take?
cards issued by visa, mastercard, american express, and discover are accepted for payment.
Are housekeeping services available?
The Marker San Francisco has daily housekeeping services.
Are rooms air conditioned?
Yes, air conditioning is available at this property.
Are there heated rooms available at The Marker San Francisco?
The rooms at The Marker San Francisco are heated
Are there luggage storage service?
The Marker San Francisco provides luggage storage services
Are there smoking area available?
No, it is a smoke-free property.
Can I order an extra bed for my room?
Extra beds are not offered at The Marker San Francisco.
Can children stay at the hotel?
It doesn't appear to have an age restriction.
Do I need to make an advance reservation for parking?
No, you don't need to make an advance reservation for parking here.
Do you have an elevator?
Yes, this property does have an elevator.
Do you provide WiFi?
Yes wifi is available
Does The Marker have concierge service?
The Marker San Francisco provides a concierge service.
Does this hotel have restaurant or bar available?
Yes, the hotel offers an onsite bar and Italian restaurant.
Does this site have facility to hold banquet or meeting?
Meeting and banquet rooms are available for an additional fee.
How late is the front desk at The Marker San Francisco open?
24-hour front desk service is available.
How often can I request dry cleaning service?
Dry Cleaning is available for an extra charge.
I have a question--does The Marker have a fitness center there?
The Marker San Francisco has a fitness center.
I was wondering what time check in was.
Check-in starts at 3:00pm.
Is the wifi free?
Paid WiFi. The resort fee include the WiFi
Is there facility for people with disability?
There are facilities for disabled guests.
May I bring my pet and is there a charge?
Charges may be applied for pets staying at The Marker SF.
What is the cost of parking at the site?
Parking is available at a location near The Marker San Francisco for $66.12 a day.
What languages do you have spoken there?
Languages spoken at The Marker San Francisco include, English, Spanish, French and Chinese
What type of parking do you offer?
Guests can use a public parking area near the hotel for $66.12/day.
What types of credit do you all take?
American Express, Visa, MasterCard and Discover are accepted at The Marker San Francisco.
When must my family check out of The Marker?
Check out time at The Marker is 12 noon.
Are there luggage storage service?
Yes, The Monarch Hotel provides baggage storage service.
Are there rooms with heat at your facility?
Yes, the rooms at The Monarch Hotel are heated.
Do you have extra beds available?
Extra beds are available at The Monarch Hotel depending on the room you choose.
Do you offer any smoker friendly rooms or areas at the hotel?
The hotel is non-smoking but reviews mention that smokers step outdoors and smoke near the hotel.
Does The Monarch Hotel have concierge service?
Yes, this hotel provide concierge service.
Does The Monarch Hotel have swimming pool onsite?
There is no swimming pool at The Monarch Hotel.
Does The Monarch Hotel offer free WiFi service?
They offer free WiFi at this Hotel.
How much does it cost for my dog to come with me?
Pets are free at The Monarch Hotel.
How often does housekeeping clean the rooms?
Daily housekeeping services are provided at The Monarch Hotel.
Is WiFi free at The Monarch Hotel?
Yes,Free WiFi is available at The Monarch Hotel.
Is the front desk always open?
yes it is open 24hours
Is there a parking area nearby?
There is no parking available onsite at The Monarch Hotel.
Is there an airport shuttle offered?
Yes the Monarch Hotel provides an airport shuttle for an additional charge.
Is there an elevator?
Yes, this hotel does offer en elevator.
What cards do you accept for payment?
The Monarch Hotel accepts American Express, Visa, MasterCard, JCB and Discover cards.
When can I check into my room?
The check-in time starts at 3:00 p.m.
When is check-out time?
The check-out time at The Monarch Hotel is 11:00AM.
Am I able to reserve a parking spot ahead of time?
No, they don't take reservations for parking.
Are extra bed available?
No, this property doesn't offer extra bed.
Are pets allowed?
Pets are not allowed
Are rooms air conditioned?
Air conditioning is in rooms at The Ritz-Carlton, San Francisco.
Are the rooms heated?
Heating is provided for rooms at The Ritz-Carlton, San Francisco.
Are there any WiFi at the site?
WiFi is available at $14.95 per 24 hours.
Are there any WiFi at the site?
WiFi costs $14.95 per 24 hours at The Ritz-Carlton, San Francisco.
Are there disable facility at The Ritz-Carlton, San Francisco?
Facilities with disability access are available at The Ritz-Carlton, San Francisco.
Are we able to order meals from our room?
The Ritz-Carlton offers room service to all of its guests.
Do you have a gym?
There is a fitness center onsite at The Ritz-Carlton, San Francisco.
Do you have smoke friendly rooms?
No, it is a smoke free property.
Do you offer laundry service?
dry cleaning is available at The Ritz-Carlton, San Francisco
How much does it cost for a king suite at The Ritz-Carlton, San Francisco?
You have to call and ask.
Is a lift available?
Yes, The Ritz-Carlton, San Francisco has lift.
Is a restaurant and a bar on site?
There is both a restaurant and bar on site at The Ritz-Carlton, San Francisco
Is there a baggage storage service?
The Ritz-Carlton, San Francisco provide baggage storage service.
Is there a conserve available at The Ritz-Carlton?
a conserve is available at The Ritz-Carlton, San Francisco
Is there any meeting/business facility available onsite?
Yes, the business facilities are available with additional charges.
What is the cost of parking at the site?
Parking is a available at the Ritz-Carlton for a daily fee.
What kinds of food is available?
24 hour all types of food and 2 restaurants on site a la carte
What languages are spoken there?
English, Spanish, French, Japanese, Chinese are spoken at The Ritz- Carlton, San Francisco.
What time is check in?
The Check- in time is 4:00 PM at The Ritz-Carlton, San Francisco.
What types of credit cards do you all accept?
American Express, Visa, Mastercard, Discover, JCB, and UnionPay is accepted as payments by The Ritz-Carlton, San Francisco.
When do I have to be out of my room when I check out?
The check-out time is 12:00 pm.
When is the front desk opened at The Ritz-Carlton, San Francisco?
Yes, the front desk is open 24 hours a day.
is daily housekeeping available?
Daily housekeeping is provided at The Ritz-Carlton, San Francisco.
Are pets allowed at The Suites at Fisherman's Wharf?
Pets are not allowed to stay at The Suites at Fisherman's Wharf.
Are the rooms heated?
There is heating available.
Are there Elevator available at the site?
Lift options are not availble at the Wharf.
Are there dry cleaning service offered?
The Suites at Fisherman's Wharf overs laundry services for an additional charge.
Can you smoke anywhere at The Suits?
The Suites at Fisherman's Wharf is a smoke-free property with no designated smoking area.
Check in and checkout time is when?
The minimum age for check-in at The Suites at Fisherman's Wharf is 21 years old.
Does Fisherman's Wharf have extra beds?
Fisherman's Wharf does not offer extra beds.
Does The Suites at Fisherman's Wharf have any meeting or banquet facilities?
The Suites at Fisherman's Wharf does not offer meeting or banquet facilities.
Does The Suites at Fisherman's Wharf offer luggage storage service?
No luggage storage service.
Does the staff speak any languages other than English?
The languages spoken at The Suites at Fisherman's Wharf are English, Spanish, Russian, Filipino and Chinese.
How much does WiFi cost at The Suites at Fisherman's Wharf?
WiFi at the Suites at Fisherman's Wharf is free.
How much to reserve a parking space and can I get a private one?
yes you do, the parking is private.
Is airport shuttle available and if so is there a charge?
The Suites at Fisherman's Wharf provides an airport shuttle service for an additional charge.
Is the WiFi here free?
Yes it is, and it doesn't cost a thing to connect to.
What credit cards are accepted at The Suites at Fisherman's Wharf?
The payment methods include: American Express, VISA, Diners Club, JCB and Discover.
What is the check in time at the hotel?
Check-in begins at 4:00 PM.
What is the cost of parking at the site?
Parking costs $25 per day at this property.
When is check out time at The Suites at Fisherman's Wharf?
The check-out time is until 11:00 AM at The Suites at Fisherman's Wharf.
When is front desk service available?
The front desk is open 24 hours at The Suites at Fisherman's Wharf.
Where are vehicles parked at this location?
You can park your car at The Suites at Fisherman's Wharf.
Are cots available?
Yes, extra beds for available, at the Wharfs Inn, are available by request for $15 USD per person.
Are pets allowed on site?
Pets are not allowed
Are there any age limits for people staying there?
There are no age restrictions at The Wharf Inn.
Do I need a reservation for on site parking?
Reservation is required for the free on-site parking at The Wharf Inn.
Do you have baggage storage?
The Wharf Inn provides baggage storage.
Do you have rooms with disability access and facilities?
Yes, they provide facilities for the disabled, as well as toilets with grab rails, wheelchair accessible areas.
Do you offer shuttle service to and from the airport?
The Wharf Inn provides shuttle service.
Does The Wharf Inn have an elevator?
The Wharf Inn has an elevator.
Does The Wharf Inn provide concierge service?
The Wharf Inn provides concierge service.
Does The Wharf Inn provide dry cleaning service?
There is no dry cleaning service available at The Wharf Inn.
Does the Wharf Inn have parking for people in wheelchairs?
The Wharf Inn has accessible parking available
Does this site offer daily housekeeping service?
The Wharf Inn does provide daily housekeeping.
I need a place for a work retreat, are you equipped for that?
The Wharf Inn does not have any meeting/banquet facilities.
Is WiFi available at The Wharf Inn?
WiFi is available at The Wharf Inn.
Is a deposit required at the Inn?
A 150$ deposit is required at The Wharf Inn.
Is parking available, and if so, what does it cost?
Free parking is available onsite.
Is there WiFi at The Wharf Inn?
The WiFi at the Wharf Inn is free of charge.
Is there a place for smoking?
The Wharf Inn offers a designated smoking area.
Is there free parking?
Guests can park for free on site at The Wharf Inn.
It has been quite cold lately, are the inn's rooms heated?
The rooms at The Wharf Inn are heated.
What are the types of payment methods accepted at The Wharf Inn?
American Express, Visa, Master Card, Discovery Club, Discover, and Union Pay are accepted at The Wharf Inn.
What hours is the reception desk open at The Wharf Inn?
Their is a 24 hour reception at the Wharf Inn
What is the check in time at the hotel?
The check in time is from 3 pm to 12 am.
When is the check out time?
checkout time is 4-11 am
Are there concierge service offered?
Yes, they offer a concierge service.
Are there heating on the rooms?
All the rooms at The Willows Inn are heated.
Are you a pet friendly hotel?
Pets are not allowed at this establishment.
Could you let me know what time check out is in the mornings?
check out time at The Willows Inn is 11:00 am
Do i have to make reservations for my car?
Reservations are not needed for parking at The Willows Inn.
Do you have maid service?
Yes, this property provides daily housekeeping services.
Do you offer WiFi?
The Willows Inn offers free Wifi
Do you offer room upgrades?
Room upgrade is available at The Willows Inn.
Do you offer wi-fi?
There is free WiFi available in the hotel rooms at The Willows Inn.
Does The Willows Inn accept credit cards?
The Willows Inn accepts most major credit cards.
Does The Willows Inn have any room with disability access?
There is no disability access at The Willows Inn.
Does The Willows Inn have parking?
Yes it lists near by parking for 30 dollars a day.
Does the hotel provide a shuttle service?
Yes, they provide shuttle service.
Is baggage storage available?
The Willows Inn provides baggage storage.
Is there a designated smoking area at The Willows Inn?
Unfortunately, this hotel is a smoke free hotel and does not have a designated smoking area.
Is there private parking at the inn?
THERE IS NO PRIVATE PARKING AT THE WILLOWS INN.
What is the check in time at the hotel?
Check in is from 8:00am to 7:00pm at The Willows Inn.
What type of breakfast is offered at the hotel?
This property serves a continental breakfast daily.
Are there dining facilities onsite?
Tilden Hotel has a bar, restaurant and an onsite coffee shop.
Are there smoking area available?
There is no designated smoking area.
DO you have onsite parking?
Parking is not available at the Tilden Hotel, but parking is available close by for a daily fee.
Do you have daily housekeeping?
Yes, the Tilden Hotel offers daily housekeeping.
Do you have extra beds available?
Tilden Hotel does not offer extra beds.
Do you have parking nearby, and if so, how much does it cost?
The parking is situated near the Tilden Hotel and is available for $59.00 daily.
Do you offer dry cleaning services?
Yes, dry cleaning is available for an additional charge.
Does Tilden Hotel have a fitness Facility?
Tilden Hotel has a fitness facility.
Does Tilden Hotel have heating?
Heating is included at Tilden Hotel.
Does there have to be a reservation for parking?
Parking reservations are not needed.
Does your hotel have an elevator?
Lift is availabel at Tilden Hotel.
Is airport shuttle service provided at Tilden Hotel?
The Tilden Hotel provides airport shuttle service.
Is room service available there?
Yes, there is room service.
Is the front desk open 24 hours?
Yes, there is a 24-hour front desk.
Is the wifi free?
Wifi at the Tilden Hotel is not free but costs are not available
Is there WiFi available?
There is WiFi available in all areas at Tilden Hotel for an additional charge.
Is there an extra charge for my dog to stay at the Tilden Hotel?
The Tilden Hotel does allow pets at no extra charge.
Is there concierge service?
Yes, concierge service is provied at the Tilden Hotel.
My mother is disabled and in a wheelchair, will you be able to accommodate her?
THe Tilden Hotel provides disabled guest facilities.
What is the check in time for the Tilden Hotel?
The check-in time is 3 PM at the earliest.
What payment types do you accept?
American Express, Visa, Mastercard, and Discover is available as payment options.
What sort of facilities do you have for gatherings?
The Tilden Hotel offers meeting/banquet facilities for an additional charge.
What type of language is spoken at the hotel?
The staff here speak English and Spanish.
When is the check out time?
Check out time is 12 pm.
is there baggage storage?
There is baggage storage available at Tilden Hotel.
Are the rooms at Travelodge by Wyndham by Fishermans's Whart heated?
The rooms at the Travelodge by Wyndham by Fisherman's Wharf are heated.
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Free WiFi is available.
Can I get an extra bed in my room?
The Travelodge by Wyndham by Fisherman's Wharf does not provide extra beds.
Can I park my vehicle at your place and do I need to make a reservation?
Travelodge by Wyndham by Fisherman's Wharf offers public parking, reservations not available.
Can you smoke on the property?
No smoking here, keep that in mind.
Do you have a pet friendly room?
Pets are not allowed at this hotel.
Do you have air conditioning?
Yes, guest rooms have air conditioning.
Does Travelodge by Wyndham by Fisherman's Wharf provide dry cleaning service?
Travelodge by Wyndham by Fisherman's Wharf does not provide dry cleaning service.
IS there an onsite shuttle service?
Yes, there is shuttle service.
Is parking available for cars at Travelodge by Wyndham by Fisherman's Wharf?
An onsite parking lot is available for guests.
Is there regular maid service provided by this place?
Yes, daily housekeeping is provided.
What are the hours for the front desk for Travelodge?
24 hours front desk service is available at Travelodge by Wyndham by Fisherman's Wharf.
What breakfast options are available?
Unfortunately, this hotel does not have breakfast options directly at this hotel.
What is the charge for WiFi?
The WiFi is free.
What is the cost for a day, for parking at the Travelodge?
Parking costs $25 a day at the Travelodge by Wyndham by Fisherman's Wharf.
What kinds of credit cards do you accept for payment?
American Express, Visa, MasterCard, and Discover are accepted here.
What languages are spoken at the hotel?
The staff here speak English and Hindi.
When is check-out time at Travelodge by Wyndham by Fisherman's Wharf?
Travelodge by Wyndham's check-out time is 11 AM at the latest.
what time can I check in?
The check-in time starts at 3:00 p.m.
Are pets allowed on site?
There is an extra fee to stay with pets at Travelodge by Wyndham Presidio San Francisco.
Are the rooms heated?
Heating is available in the rooms.
Are there air-conditioned rooms available at the Travelodge by Wyndham Presidio San Francisco?
Air conditioning in rooms is available at Travelodge by Wyndham Presidio San Francisco.
Do you charge for parking at Travelodge by Wyndham Presidio San Francisco?
Parking is free at this property.
Do you have an assigned place for smoking?
There is a designated smoking area at Travelodge by Wyndham Presidio San Francisco.
Do you have any rooms that have a wireless connection?
Yes, the Travelodge by Wyndham Presidio San Francisco offers free WiFi.
Do you offer free parking ?
Free parking is available on site.
Does The Travelodge by Wyndham Presidio San Francisco offer any extra beds?
The Travelodge by Wyndham Presidio San Francisco does not offer any extra beds.
Does Travelodge by Wyndham Presidio San Francisco offer any breakfast options?
Continental breakfast is offered by Travelodge by Wyndham Presidio San Francisco.
Does Travelodge have concierge service?
Yes, concierge services area available to guests.
How is parking at Travelodge by Wyndham Presidio San Francisco?
parking is free and no reservations
Is there any restaurant or bar onsite at Travelodge by Wyndham Presidio San Francisco?
A restaurant or bar are not available at Wyndham Presidio San Fransicso.
The wifi at the Travelodge, available?
Yes, Available.
What are the hours for the front desk at Travelodge by Wyndham SF?
the front desk at Travelodge by Wyndham Presidio San Francisco is open for 24 hours
What is minimum age of entry to check in at the hotel?
Guests must be at least 21 years of age to check-in.
What is the check in time at the hotel?
Check-in time is from 4:00 p.m.
What is the cost of the wifi?
WiFi is free of charge for guests at Travelodge by Wyndham Presidio San Francisco.
What languages do you speak at the Travelodge?
English and Spanish are spoken at Travelodge by Wyndham Presidio San Francisco.
What type of payment method do you accept?
The accepted payment methods include: American Express, VISA, Diners Club, Discover and UnionPay.
When is the check out time?
At Travelodge by Wyndham Presidio San Francisco, you can check out until 11.00 AM.
Are children allowed to stay at the hotel?
Guests must be at least 21 years of age to check-in, but children of all ages are welcome.
Are extra bed provided?
Extra beds are not available at Travelodge by Wyndham San Francisco Central.
Can I stay with my pet?
Pets are not allowed at Travelodge by Wyndham San Francisco Central.
Do you have staff that speak Spanish?
English, Spanish, and Filipino are spoken at Travelodge by Wyndham San Francisco Central.
Does Travelodge by Wyndham San Francisco Central have free WiFi?
There is free WiFi.
Hi, do I need to make a reservation?
You do not need to make a reservation in advance for parking at the Travelodge by Wyndham San Francisco Central.
How much is parking?
Public parking at Travelodge by Wyndham San Francisco Central is $17.25 per day.
Is there WiFi at San Francisco Marriott Marquis Union Square?
WiFi is free and available in all areas at the Travelodge by Wyndham San Francisco Central.
Is there a security deposit required to book a room?
A $100 damage deposit is required upon arrival and refunded as long as there isn't any damage to the property.
Is there free cable?
No there isn't.
What are the hours for the front desk at Travelodge by Wyndham San Francisco Central?
The front desk is open 24 hours per day at Travelodge by Wyndham San Francisco Central.
What credit cards do you accept for payment?
They accept American Express, MasterCard, and Visa credit cards.
What is the  earliest time for check in ?
The check-in time at the Travelodge by Wyndham San Francisco Central begins at 3 pm.
What is the check out time for your hotel?
The check-in time at Travelodge by Wyndham San Francisco Central is 3:00 PM
What meals do you provide?
A continental breakfast is offered at Travelodge.
Where do I park my car?
You can park your car at Travelodge by Wyndham San Francisco Central.
Are pets allowed at the hotel?
Sorry, but no pets are allowed at Twin Peaks Hotel.
Can I check in at any time?
Yes, 24 Hours Front Desk Available.
Can you smoke at the Twin Peaks Hotel?
No, it is smoke free property.
Does Twin Peaks Hotel have heated rooms?
The rooms at the Twin Peaks Hotel are heated.
Hi, I wanted to see if it's possible to get extra beds?
The Twin Peaks Hotel does not offer extra beds.
Hi, can you tell me what forms of payment you accept?
Twin Peaks Hotel accepts Visa, Mastercard and American Express.
I'm not leaving town until evening but want to check out and leave my luggage for the last day.
At Twin Peaks Hotel, a luggage storage service is provided.
Is daily housekeeping available at  Twin Peaks Hotel?
One of the services that Twin Peaks Hotel provides is daily housekeeping.
Is free WiFi available?
At Twin Peaks Hotel the WiFi is free. There is no charge to use WiFi.
Is parking available at Twin Peaks Hotel?
Street parking is available for guests at the Twin Peaks Hotel.
What time is check-out?
The check-out time at the Twin Peaks Hotel is from 5 am until 11 am.
When does the check-in time begin at the Twin Peaks Hotel?
The check-in time starts at 2:00 p.m.
Yes, do you have WiFi and what is the cost?
WiFi is available and it is free.
Are there heating on the rooms?
The rooms at the Union Square Plaza Hotel are heated.
Can I bring a pet?
Pets are not allowed at Union Square Plaza Hotel.
Can I have a roll away bed brought into my room?
Extra beds are not available at the Union Square Plaza Hotel.
Check in and checkout time is when?
Check-in begins at 2:00 pm at Union Square Plaza Hotel.
Do i need a reservation and is there a charge for parking?
No, reservations are not required at this hotel. Parking is available at a nearby location for applicable charges.
Do you have a shuttle from the airport?
Yes, Union Square Plaza Hotel provides a shuttle service.
Do you have any handicapped rooms?
Yes, there are rooms available for disabled guests.
Do you have on site parking for people staying in the Hotel?
There is no parking at Union Square Plaza Hotel. There is parking nearby.
Do you know if there are any designated smoking areas?
Union Square Plaza Hotel does not have designated smoking areas.
Do you offer concierge services for your customers?
Concierge services are available at the Union Square Plaza Hotel.
Does the Union Square Plaza Hotel have an elevator?
There is an elevator at the Union Square Plaza Hotel.
Does this site offer daily housekeeping service?
YES, Union Square Plaza Hotel provide daily housekeeping service.
Does your hotel offer luggage storage?
Baggage storage is available at Union Square Plaza.
If I have a problem in the middle of the night, is there anyone at the front desk?
Yes, 24 Hours Front Desk Available.
Is Wifi free?
Yes, there is free WiFi.
Is parking available at Union Square Plaza Hotel?
Yes, there is parking at Union Square Plaza Hotel.
Is there a minimum age for check in?
Yes, the minimum age for check-in is 18.
Is there free WiFi at Union Square Plaza Hotel?
WiFi usage is free at Union Square Plaza Hotel.
What is the check out time at your hotel?
The check out time is 11 am.
Which credit cards do you accept?
The hotel accepts the following: American Express, VISA, MasterCard, Diners, JCB, DIscover and Carte Blanche.
Are reservations required?
No reservation is needed for parking at University Club of San Francisco.
Are the rooms at the University Club of San Francisco heated?
The rooms at the University Club of San Francisco are heated.
Are there daily housekeeping service available?
Yes, there is daily housekeeping service.
Check in and checkout time is when?
Check-out time is until 12:00 p.m.
Do you allow pets onsite?
No, as pets are not allowed here.
Do you have meeting rooms there?
University Club of San Francisco has meeting or banquet facilities.
Do you have wifi?
There is free WiFi.
Does University Club of San Francisco offer rooms with disability access?
They list rooms with disability access under the amenities section.
Does the University Club of San Francisco offer continental breakfast to its guests?
Continental breakfast is offered to guests at the University Club of San Francisco.
Does the club have a place to workout?
University Club of San Francisco has a fitness center.
How much to reserve a parking space?
Parking is available at University Club of San Francisco.
Is WiFi available at University Club of San Francisco?
There is free WiFi available in all areas at the University Club of San Francisco.
Is a lift available at this hotel?
The University Club of San Francisco have lift available.
Is dry cleaning service available at University Club of San Francisco?
University Club of San Francisco provides dry cleaning service for an extra charge.
Is there a place I can store my bags?
The University Club of San Francisco offers luggage storage service
Is there extra beds available at University Club of San Francisco?
Extra beds are available at the University Club of San Francisco
What are the payment options there?
University Club of San Francisco accepts American Express, Visa and Mastercard as payment.
What is the check-in time at your facility?
The check-in time at this place is 4 pm.
Where is guest parking when staying at University Club?
Accessible parking is available to guests staying at University Club of San Francisco.
do they have a restaurant and bar?
University Club of San Francisco has both a restaurant on bar onsite.
do you allow smoking?
The University Club of San Francisco is a smoke free property
do you have around the clock staff at the front desk?
The front desk is open 24 hours at University Club of San Francisco.
how much does parking cost?
Parking is $35 a day.
Are pets allowed to stay for free?
Charges may apply with pets at W San Francisco.
Are the rooms at the W San Francisco air-conditioned?
The rooms at the W San Francisco are air-conditioned.
Can I request additional beds?
Extra beds are not available at the W San Francisco.
Do I need to reserve a parking spot ahead of time?
No, a reservation is not needed for parking onsite.  Charge is $65 per day.
Do you allow smoking anywhere?
The W San Francisco is a smoke-free property.
Do you have elevators?
The W San Francisco has elevators available
Do you have free WiFi at W San Francisco?
WiFi is available in the rooms at W San Francisco but there is a charge of $14.95 per 24-hours.
Do you offer breakfast?
Continental and American breakfast are available at W San Francisco.
Do you offer concierge service?
Yes, there is concierge service at the W San Francisco.
Does W San Francisco have a daily housekeeping service?
Yes, W San Fransisco provides daily housekeeping service.
Does W San Francisco provide luggage storage?
Luggage storage is provided at W San Francisco.
Does the hotel have disability access for guests?
Rooms with disability access are available at W San Francisco.
Does this site have facility to hold banquet or meeting?
Yes, this place has meeting and banquet rooms.
Does your place have a fitness center?
Yes, there is a fitness center on site
How much is for private parking?
There is private parking on site at W San Francisco for USD 65 per day.
How much is wifi?
WiFi costs $14.95 per 24 hours and is available for guests in the hotel rooms.
Is a dry cleaning service available?
Dry Cleaning service is available for an additional charge at W San Francisco.
Is the front desk always manned?
It is open 24 hours.
Is there a fee to park on site?
Private parking on site costs $65.00 per day.
Is there heating?
Rooms have heating available.
Is there room service?
Yes, W San Francisco offers room service.
What are the dining options for W San Francisco?
There is both a restaurant and a bar onsite at W San Francisco.
What is the earliest time I can check into the W San Francisco hotel?
You can check-in at 3:00p or later.
What payment methods does W San Francisco accept?
They accept American Express, Visa, Mastercard, Diners Club, UCB and Union Pay cards.
What time do I have to check out by?
Check-out time is until 12:00 p.m.
Are extra beds offered at Warfield Hotel?
Extra beds are not offered at Warfield Hotel.
Are pets allowed on site?
Pets are not allowed at Warfield Hotel.
Are the rooms heated at Warfield Hotel?
The rooms at the Warfield Hotel are heated.
Are there internet services provided?
Yes free wifi is available
Are there smoking area available?
There is no smoking allowed in the rooms at the Warfield Hotel, but it is not a designated No Smoking property.
Do you have to make reservations for Warfield Hotel parking?
A reservation is not needed in advance for parking.
Does Warfield Hotel have accessible parking?
Accessible parking is not available at Warfield Hotel.
Does Warfield Hotel have shuttle service?
Airport pickup is available.
Does this site offer daily housekeeping service?
The Warfield Hotel provides daily housekeeping service.
How many languages do you speak there?
3 Language (English,Hindi,Filipino) are spoken at  Warfield Hotel.
How much do you charge for WIFI?
The WiFi at this hotel is free.
Is there any transportation available from the airport?
There is an airport shuttle available.
Is there parking available at the Warfield Hotel?
Public parking is available nearby.  No reservations needed.  Charges apply.
What do you all offer for breakfast?
The Warfield hotel has options like eggs and juice for breakfast.
What hours are the desk open?
The front desk is open 24 hours at the Warfield Hotel.
What is the check-out time at this hotel?
Warfield Hotel check-out time is 11:00am.
What is the minimum age of entry to check in at the hotel?
You must be at least 18 years old to check-in at Warfield Hotel.
What type of parking is available?
Public parking is available nearby and charges apply.  No reservations.
What type of payment method do you accept?
Visa, Master Card, American Express, Discover,  Jcb, Maestro, carte Blanche
When can I check in to my room?
The check-in time at Warfield Hotel is at 3:00PM.
Are pets allowed at the hotel?
Pet is now allowed at the hotel.
Are the rooms at Washington Square Inn heated?
yes the rooms are heated.
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Free WiFi is available for guests at Washington Square Inn.
Are there smoking area available?
It does not appear to have any.
Are you smoke free?
The Washington Square Inn is a smoke-free property.
Can my guest park their car also?
No Parking Available.
Do you provide dry cleaning services?
The Washington Square Inn provides dry cleaning service for an additional charge.
Does Washington Square Inn offer extra bed?
No, the property doesn't offer extra bed.
Does this location have concierge services?
The Washington Square Inn offers concierge services.
Is there a breakfast offered?
You can get a free breakfast delivered to your room, or you can get breakfast from the front desk until 10 am each day. The breakfast is continental.
Is there a shuttle service available?
Shuttle service is available at Washington Square Inn.
What forms of payment do you process?
Washington Square Inn accepts Discover, American Express, Visa, and MasterCard.
What is the check in time at the hotel?
Check-in time is at 3:00 PM.
What is the check out time?
The check-out time at Washington Square Inn is 11:00 AM.
What languages are spoken there?
English and Spanish are the languages spoken at Washington Square Inn.
What's the charge for parking at Washington Square Inn?
It doesn't cost a thing, its free for all!
Will your front desk be open after hours?
Yes the front desk is open for 24 hours
how often is housekeeping performed?
House keeping at Washington Square Inn is performed every day.
Are extra bed available?
They appear to be.
Are guests allowed to bring pets at the White Swan Inn?
Pets are not allowed.
Are there any WiFi at the site?
The White Swan Inn offers WiFi for $15 per 24 hours.
Do they have housekeeping service at White Swan Inn?
Yes, White Swan Inn provides daily housekeeping service.
Does White Swan Inn have 24-hour front desk service?
Yes, there is 24-hour front desk service.
Does White Swan Inn provide any extra beds upon request?
Extra Beds are not available at the White Swan Inn.
Does this site have designated smoking area?
There is no designated smoking are at White San Inn.
Does this site have facility to hold banquet or meeting?
Yes, meeting and banquet facilities are available for an additional charge.
I need an elevator, do you have one?
Yes, there is an elevator here.
If I plan to stay there, should I make a reservation?
Reservation not Needed.
Is dry cleaning available?
Yes, dry cleaning services are available at the White Swan Inn.
Is free WiFi available at this hotel?
WiFi is free of charge at the White Swan Inn.
Is there concierge service at the White Swan Inn?
Yes, the White Swan Inn offers a concierge service.
Is there parking at White Swan Inn?
There is accessible parking on site.
Is there somewhere I can store extra belongings outside of the room?
the front desk offers baggage storage services.
What credit cards do you accept at this hotel?
This hotel accepts American Express, Visa, Mastercard, Diners Club International, and Discover.
What is the parking switch situation at the white swan in?
Valet only parking is $51.00 per night plus taxes for a standard vehicle.
What time can I check in?
Check-in time at the White Swan Inn begins at 3 pm.
What time is check out?
The check-out time is at 12:00 p.m.
What type of parking is available?
Private Parking Available, Charges Apply.
What types of breakfast does the White Swan Inn offer?
White Swan Inn offers an American, vegan, gluten-free, buffet breakfast.
Are extra beds available for rooms?
Winsor Hotel does not offer extra beds.
Are the rooms heated?
Yes, the rooms are heated.
Are there luggage storage service?
Yes, the Winsor Hotel offers luggage storage service.
Can I bring my pet to the Winsor Hotel?
Pets are not allowed to stay at Winsor Hotel.
Do I have to pay for Wifi?
The Windsor Hotel offers WiFi in all areas free of charge.
Do you have an airport shuttle?
an airport shuttle is available at Winsor Hote
Do you have an elevator?
Yes, the Winsor Hotel has lift.
Does Winsor Hotel provide any concierge service?
Winsor Hotel does not provide any concierge service.
Is there daily housekeeping at Winsor Hotel?
The website states that they do provide daily housekeeping.
Is wifi free, or do I have to pay extra for it?
WiFi is free throughout the Winsor Hotel.
What breakfast options are available at Winsor Hotel?
Breakfast is not offered at Winsor Hotel.
What is your security deposit policy?
The security deposit required to stay at Winsor Hotel is USD 250.
What parking is available at Winsor Hotel?
There is no parking available at the Winsor Hotel.
What time can I check in to your hotel today?
Check in time at Winsor Hotel is 3:00 pm
What time is check-out?
The check-out time at Winsor Hotel is 11:00 AM.
Yes, can you tell me if the Winsor hotel allows smoking?
No, Winsor Hotel is smoke free property.
what are the hours of the front desk?
The front desk at the Winsor Hotel is available 24 hours
what cards are accepted?
Winsor Hotel accepts American Express, Visa, Master Card, Discover and Union Pay cards.
Are pets allowed at Yale Hotel?
Pets are not allowed at Yale Hotel.
Are there any designated smoking areas provided at Yale Hotel?
Yale Hotel is a smoke-free property.
Can I get an extra bed at Yale Hotel?
you can call the front desk and request for an extra bed
Do you charge for internet?
WiFi at Yale Hotel is free.
Do you have a kitchen facility at the hotel?
There is a shared kitchen available for guests to use at the Yale Hotel.
Do you offer free WiFi?
The Yale Hotel offers free WiFi.
Does Yale Hotel have fitness center or gym onsite?
Yale Hotel does not have a fitness center or gym onsite for guest.
Is the Yale Hotel front desk open 24 hours?
Yale Hotel's front desk is open 24 hours
Is there a safe available at Yale Hotel?
no, there is a Safe
What is minimum age of entry to check in at the hotel?
No there is no age restrictions here.
What is the check in time at the hotel?
Check in begins at 3 pm.
What time do I have to check out of my room?
Check out time at the Yale Hotel is 11:30 am
What type of parking is available?
Street parking is the only parking option at Yale Hotel.
What type of payment method do you accept?
American Express, Visa, Mastercard, Maestro, and Discover cards are accepted by the Yale Hotel.
Can I make a reservation at Midsummer House Restaurant?
Yes, reservations are accepted.
Can someone in a wheelchair be easily accommodated?
Midsummer House is a wheelchair accesible restaurant.
Do you have a bar?
Yes, this restaurant offers a full bar with alcoholic drinks.
Do you accept credit cards?
Midsummer House Restaurant takes all major credit cards.
Does your restaurant have gluten free options?
Yes, Midsummer House restaurant has gluten free options.
Do you have any vegetarian dinner options?
Yes, there is a vegetarian main course available on the menu.
Do you have wifi?
Yes, there's wifi, but its not free.
Do you have high chair available for small children?
No, Midsummer House Restaurant does not have high chairs for young children.
Does Midsummer House Restaurant offer live music?
Midsummer House Restaurant does not offer live music.
Do you have an outdoor patio?
Midsummer House Restaurant does not offer outdoor seating.
What are your parking options?
They offer free off-street parking.
Do you allow BYOB?
Byob is not possible at Midsummer House Restaurant.
Do you provide delivery service?
No, Midsummer House Restaurant does not offer delivery service.
Can I get an order to go?
Takeout ordering is not offered at Midsummer House Restaurant.
Are there halal items on the menu?
Midsummer House Restaurant does not have halal options.
Do you have live music there?
Yes, De Luca Cucina and Bar has live music.
Does your bar accept credit cards?
De Luca Cucina and Bar accepts all major credit cards.
Do you serve alcohol at De Luca Cucina?
Yes, alcohol is served at this bar.
Is there outdoor seating available?
Yes, De Luca Cucina and Bar has outdoor seating.
Does De Luca Cucina and Bar accept reservations?
The restaurant accepts reservations.
Does your menu have any gluten free options?
Yes, De Luca Cucina and Bar has gluten free options available.
Are highchairs available at your restaurant?
De Luca Cucina and Bar has highchairs.
Do you have vegetarian and vegan options?
Vegetarian and Vegan options are available at De Luca Cucina and Bar.
Do you offer WiFi, and does it cost anything?
Wifi is free at De Luca Cucina and Bar.
Can you tell me about the parking at your location?
Free off-street parking is available at De Luca Cucina and Bar.
Is this site wheelchair accessible?
De Luca Cucina and Bar is not wheelchair accessible.
Does the DE LUCA CUCINA AND BAR have BYOB?
BYOB is not available.
Does De Luca Cucina and Bar have delivery service?
We don't have delivery service here.
Can I order take-our from De Luca Cucina and Bar?
Take-out ordering is not offered at De Luca Cucina and Bar.
Do you have halal offerings?
Halal options are not offered at De Luca Cucina and Bar.
Can I pay with a credit card?
Hotel du Vin and Bistro accepts major credit cards.
Does Hotel Du Vin And Bistro take reservations?
Yes, Hotel Du Vin and Bistro takes reservations
Do you have gluten free options?
Hotel Du Vin and Bistro has gluten free options.
Is your location wheelchair accessible?
Hotel Du Vin and Bistro is wheelchair accessible.
Is there a bar available that serves alcohol at your location?
The restaurant has a full bar and serves alcohol.
Are highchairs available for my toddler at the Hotel Du Vin and Bistro?
Highchairs are available at Hotel Vin and Bistro.
Is WiFi free at Hotel Du Vin and Bistro?
Yes free WiFi is available.
Is there live music at Hotel Du Vin and Bistro?
No, there is no live music at Hotel Du Vin and Bistro.
Do you have any outdoor tables?
Outdoor seating is not available.
What parking options does the hotel du vin and bistro offer?
There is validated parking, street parking, and free off street parking offered at Hotel Du Vin and Bistro.
Can we bring our own beer?
BYOB is not available here.
Do you have delivery service?
The Hotel Du Vin and Bistro does not offer delivery service.
Does the HOTEL DU VIN AND BISTRO offer take-out ordering?
Take out is not available at HOTEL DU VIN AND BISTRO.
Do you have any halal options?
We don't have halal options in its' menu.
Are there vegetarian options at the Hotel du Vin an Bistro?
Hotel Du Vin and Bistro does not have vegetarian friendly options.
Do you have outdoor seating?
Yes, Galleria has outdoor seats.
Can I order an alcoholic beverage at Galleria?
Yes, Galleria serves alcohol.
Do you have any menu options for vegetarians or vegans?
Yes, there are vegetarian and vegan options.
Can I pay with a credit card?
Galleria takes major credit cards including Visa, Mastercard, and American Express.
Does your restaurant accept reservations?
The Galleria takes reservations.
Does Galleria have gluten free choices?
Galleria has gluten-free options.
Does Galleria have high chairs for my baby?
Galleria has high chairs for babies.
Is Galleria wheelchair accessible?
Yes, Galleria is wheelchair accessible.
Does the Galleria have take-out available?
Galleria does offer take-out services.
Does Galleria provide WiFi for customers, and if so, is it free?
Yes, the WiFi is free.
Does the GALLERIA offer live music?
Galleria does not offer live music.
Does the GALLERIA have Car Parking?
Validated Parking, Street Parking, Free Off-Street Parking are offered at GALLERIA.
Can we bring our own wine to the galleria?
BYOB is not allowed at the Galleria.
Does this site offer delivery service?
There is no delivery available at GALLERIA.
Does this site have any halal food?
GALLERIA does not have halal options.
What credit cards are accepted at this location?
All major credit cards are accepted at the Cambridge Chop House.
Do you serve any alcohol drinks?
The Cambridge Chop House serves a full range of alcohol drinks.
Do you have any dishes that are gluten free?
The Cambridge Chop House has gluten free options.
Can I make a reservation at The Cambridge Chop House?
Yes, The Cambridge Chop House takes reservations.
Does this restaurant have a vegan option?
The restaurant is vegetarian friendly.
Are highchairs provided there?
Yes, the CAMBRIDGE CHOP HOUSE has highchairs available for babies and young children.
Is there ever live music there?
THE CAMBRIDGE CHOP HOUSE does not offer live music.
Is there patio seating?
Outdoor seating is not available.
Is there a place to park for free at The Cambridge Chop House?
Yes, there is free off street parking.
Do you offer wheel chair accessibility?
The Cambridge Chop House is not accessible by wheelchair.
can i byob to the cambridge chop house?
BYOB is not possible at The Cambridge Chop House.
Do you offer delviery service?
The Cambridge Chop House does not offer delivery service.
Does the THE CAMBRIDGE CHOP HOUSE offer take-out ordering?
The Cambridge Chop House does not have take-out ordering.
Are there halal options on the menu at The Cambridge Chop House?
The Cambridge Chop House does not offer halal options.
Do you have free wifi?
The Cambridge Chop House does not offer free WiFi.
Do you take reservations online?
The River Bar takes reservations online.
What is the availability for high chairs?
Highchairs are offered on a first come basis.
Is alcohol served at your restaurant?
The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill serves alcohol.
Do you offer any gluten free items?
The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill has gluten free options.
Can I pay my bill with my credit card?
The River Bar and Steakhouse accepts all major credit cards as payment.
Does The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill have vegetarian options available?
Yes, the River Bar Steakhouse and Grill has Vegetarian options.
Is there free WiFi at The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill?
Yes, enjoy free WiFi and The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill.
Does THE RIVER BAR STEAKHOUSE AND GRILL have live music?
The River bar steakhouse and grill does not have live music.
Do you have any outdoor seating?
THE RIVER BAR STEAKHOUSE AND GRILL does not have outdoor seats.
Can I park my car at the site?
Parking is available at The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill.
Is there wheelchair accessibility/
The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill is not accessible via wheelchair.
Can guests BYOB at this restaurant?
No, BYOB is not possible at The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill.
Does THE RIVER BAR STEAKHOUSE AND GRILL offer delivery services?
No, delivery service is not offered by this restaurant.
Does The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill offer takeout ordering?
Takeout ordering is not offered at The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill.
Does THE RIVER BAR STEAKHOUSE AND GRILL offer halal options?
The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill does not have halal options.
Is outdoor seating offered at Graffiti?
Yes, outdoor seating is offered at Graffiti
Is there parking available at Graffiti?
yes, parking is available at Graffiti.
Do you take advance reservations?
Graffiti accepts reservations in advance.
Is Graffiti vegetarian friendly?
Graffiti is vegetarian friendly.
Are alcoholic beverages served at Graffiti?
Yes, alcohol is served at Graffiti.
Are highchairs provided there?
Highchairs are available at Graffiti.
Will I be able to get my wheelchair into your restauranteasily enough?
Yes, GRAFFITI restaurant is a wheelchair accessible place.
Are there any gluten free options available?
Yes, gluten free options are offered.
Is there free wifi for customers at Graffiti?
GRAFFITI does offer free WiFi.
Does the GRAFFITI have live music?
Graffiti does not offer live music.
Do you allow patrons to bring their own bottle?
BYOB is not allowed at GRAFFITI.
Can you use a credit card at Graffiti?
You can use a credit card to pay at GRAFFITI.
Is there delivery offered?
Delivery service is not offered at Graffiti.
Does the GRAFFITI offer take-out ordering?
Graffiti does not offer take-out ordering at this time.
Does Graffiti offer halal options?
Halal options are not offered at Graffiti.
Do you accept reservations at Riverside?
The restaurant does accept reservations.
Do you serve alcohol at this establishment?
There are alcoholic drinks available at Riverside Brasserie.
Do you have outdoor seating?
Yes, you can sit outside and enjoy the view.
Do you have seating for babies?
Yes, this restaurant has high chairs for infants.
Does Riverside Brasserie offer vegetarian options?
Yes Riverside Brasserie has vegetarian friendly options.
Do you have any gluten free food?
Rivers Brasserie does not have gluten free options.
Are there halal options on the menu?
Riverside Brasserie does not have halal options.
Does the RIVERSIDE BRASSERIE offer Free Wifi?
Free Wifi is not currently available.
Do you have live music at your restaurant?
No, there is no live music offered at the Riverside Brasserie.
What are your parking options?
There is street parking available.
Is the Riverside Brasserie wheelchair accessible?
There is no wheelchair access at Riverside Brasserie.
Can we bring in our own bottle of wine?
There is no BYOB at RIVERSIDE BRASSERIE.
Do you accept Mastercard?
We accept only Mastercard and Visa at Riverside Brasserie.
Does the RIVERSIDE BRASSERIE have Delivery options?
Delivery service is not available.
Does the RIVERSIDE BRASSERIE offer take-out ordering service to their customers?
No, Riverside Brasserie does not offer takeout.
does Nandos City Centre have wheelchair access?
The restaurant is wheelchair accessible.
Can I get my food to go at Nandos City Centre?
Nandos City Cenre offers takeout ordering.
Does this location serve alcohol?
Nandos City Centre serves alcohol.
Do you have high chairs?
Nando's has high chairs for infants.
Do you have free wifi?
Nandos City Centre does not offer free wifi.
Do you have live music?
There is no live music.
Do you have outdoor seating?
There are no outdoor seats at Nandos City Centre.
Does NANDOS CITY CENTRE have parking available?
NANDOS CITY CENTRE does offer parking.
Do you offer BYOB?
BYOB is not allowed at Nandos City Centre.
Do you accept credit cards or digital payments?
MasterCard, Visa, and digital payments are available here.
Do you provide delivery service?
Nandos City Centre does not offer delivery.
Do you take reservations?
Nandos City Centre does not take reservations.
Do you offer gluten free substitutions?
Nandos City Centre does not have gluten free options available.
Do you have halal options?
No, Nandos City Centre does not have halal options.
Do you have vegan friendly options?
Nandos City Centre does not offer vegeterian friendly options.
Are high chairs available for babies at Nandos?
Baby chairs are available at Nandos.
Does Nandos have alcoholic drinks?
Nando's has alcohol drinks.
Is your facility wheelchair accessible?
Yes, Nandos is wheelchair accessible.
Is there wifi available?
Nandos does not offer free WiFi.
DO you have live music?
Nandos does not have live music.
Is there any outdoor seating at Nandos?
Nandos does not have outdoor seating.
Do you offer free street parking?
Yes, Nando's offers free off street parking as well as street and validated parking.
Can I bring my own beer to Nandos?
No you can't BYOB at Nandos.
What are the payment options?
We accept cash only with no payment options for credit cards.
Does the Nandos have Delivery options?
No, Nandos doesn't offer delivery.
Do you take reseravtions?
Nandos does not take reservations.
Do you offer take out?
Nandos does not offer take-out ordering.
Are there any gluten free options at Nandos?
Nandos does not have gluten free options.
Hello.  What options do you have that are Halal?
There are no halal options at Nandos.
Does this site have any vegetarian food?
Nandos does not offer vegetarian friendly options.
Can we bring our own alcohol to The Slug and Lettuce?
BYOB is not available at THE SLUG AND LETTUCE.
What forms of payment are accepted?
Credit cards are accepted at THE SLUG AND LETTUCE.
Do you deliver?
No the slug does not deliver at at all
Do you take reservations?
The Slug and Lettuce does not take reservations.
Do you serve alcohol?
The Slug and Lettuce does not serve alcohol.
Do you offer take out?
THE SLUG AND LETTUCE doesn't offer take out ordering
Does The Slug And Lettuce offer gluten free foods?
Gluten free options are not being offered at this time.
Does Slug and Lettuce offer halal options?
The Slug and Lettuce does not have halal options.
Are there any generation options?
The Slug and Lettuce does not have vegetarian options.
Can we get wifi during our visit?
We don't offer free WiFi at The Slug and Lettuce.
Does THE SLUG AND LETTUCE have high chairs available?
There a no high chairs available at THE SLUG AND LETTUCE.
Do you have live music?
Live music is not being offered at this time.
Hello.  Is it possible to reserve seats outside for this evening?
The Slug and Lettuce does not offer outdoor seating.
Do you have parking available?
Free off-street parking is available at The Slug and Lettuce.
Is there wheel chair access at this location?
There is no wheelchair access.
Does your restaurant accept reservations?
La Tasca takes reservations.
Do you guys have free WiFi?
La Tasca does not offer free WiFi.
Are high chairs available at La Tasca?
There are no high chairs.
Is there ever live music at la tasca?
La Tasca does not offer live music.
Can you eat outside at La Tasca?
No, La Tasca does not have provision for outdoor seating.
Is there parking?
You can park at La Tasca.
Is this location ADA and wheelchair accessible?
LA TASCA is not wheelchair accessible.
DO you offer BYOB?
BYOB is not possible at La Tasca.
What kind of payment options are offered?
La Tasca currently offers: American Express, Visa and Mastercard as payment options.
Does the LA TASCA have delivery service?
No LA TASCA doesn't offer delivery service.
Do you serve alcohoL?
La Tasca does not serve alcohol.
DO you have take out?
No they do not offer take out.
Are there gluten free options available at La Tasca?
No, there aren't any gluten free options available at La Tasca.
Does La Tasca offer halal options?
No, La Tasca does not offer halal options.
Does the La Tasca have vegetarian friendly options?
La Tasca does not have vegetarian friendly options.
Is your restaurant dine-in only?
Takeout orders are accepted at Wagamama.
Do you serve alcohol?
Yes, Wagamama serves alcohol.
Can I reserve a table at Wagamama?
Yes, you can reserve a table at this restaurant.
Do you have gluten free options?
Wagamama has gluten free options.
Can I pay with my credit card?
Wagamama accepts all major credit cards.
Do you have wheelchair accessible seating options?
Wagamama is wheelchair accessible.
Does Wagamama have vegetarian options?
Yes it does, this restaurant is listed as one of the top vegetarian places.
Do you have high chairs for small children?
High chairs are available at Wagamama.
Can we get wifi during our visit at the Wagamama?
Wagamama does indeed offer free WiFi.
Do you have live music?
Live music is not being offered at this time.
Is there outdoor seating available?
there is no outdoor seating here
Do you have on-site parking?
There is parking available at Wagamama.
Can I bring my own bottle of wine to Wagamama?
BYOB is not available.
Does this site offer delivery service?
Delivery service is not available.
Are there any halal options?
There are no Halal Options available at Wagamama.
What sort of options do you have for alternative diets?
Prezzo has vegetarian and vegan options.
Is alcohol available here?
Prezzo serves alcohol.
Does your restaurant accept reservations?
Yes, Prezzo takes reservations.
Can someone in a wheelchair eat at one of your tables?
Prezzo is wheelchair accessible.
Are any gluten free foods on the menu?
Yes, Prezzo has gluten free options.
Do you accept credit cards?
All major credit cards are accepted at Prezzo.
Do you have high chairs for children?
Yes, high chairs are available.
Do you have any outdoor tables?
Outdoor seating is available at Prezzo.
Do you offer take out?
Prezzo does not offer take-out ordering.
Do you have Halal?
No, PREZZO does not have any Halal options.
Does Prezzo offer free WiFi?
Prezzo does offer free WiFi.
What days do you have live music?
Prezzo does not offer live music.
What parking does Prezzo have?
Free Off-Street Parking is available.
Can I bring my own beer to Prezzo?
BYOB is not possible at Prezzo.
Do you offer delivery?
Prezzo does not offer delivery service at this time.
Do you have anything gluten free on your menu?
The restaurant offers gluten free options.
Are highchairs provided there?
High chairs are available at The Oak Bistro.
Do you have menu items suitable for vegetarians?
Yes, this restaurant is vegetarian friendly.
Do you have free WiFi?
THE OAK BISTRO does not offer free WiFi.
Does The Oak Bistro have concerts?
There is no live music at The Oak Bistro.
Do you offer outdoor seating?
There is no outdoor seating.
Is there a place to park near the Oak Bistro?
Yes, the Oak Bistro has off-street parking.
Is it wheelchair accessible?
The Oak Bistro is not wheelchair accessible.
Do you offer BYOB?
BYOB is not possible at The Oak Bistro.
Do you accept credit?
Payment options at The Oak Bistro include major credit cards only.
Is there delivery options?
Delivery service is not available.
Do you take reservations?
The Oak Bistro does not take reservations.
Do you serve alcohol?
The Oak Bistro does not serve alcoholic beverages.
Is take-out ordering available at The Oak Bistro?
No, The Oak Bistro does not offer take-out ordering.
Do you have halal?
There are no halal options available at The Oak Bistro, sorry.
Does your restaurant serve alcohol?
Alimentum serves alcohol.
Does your restaurant accept reservations?
Alimentum takes reservations in advance.
Do you have highchairs?
Restaurant Alimentum has high chairs available.
Is Restaurant Alimentum ADA compliant with wheelchair accessibility?
Yes, Restaurant Alimentum is wheelchair accessible.
What types of credit does Alimentum accept?
Restaurant Alimentum accepts American Express, Mastercard, and Visa.
Does your restaurant feature live music?
There is live music at this restaurant.
Does Restaurant Alimentum offer free WiFi?
Free wifi is available at Restaurant Alimentum.
Do you have indoor and outdoor seating?
There is no outdoor seating at Restaurant Alimentum.
Is there free parking for diners at Restaurant Alimentum?
Free off-street parking is available at Restaurant Alimentum.
Can I bring my own wine?
Restaurant Alimentum serves alcohol and does not allow BYOB.
Do you have delivery?
There is no delivery option.
Can I order take-out?
Takeout is not offered at Restaurant Alimentum.
Do you have any gluten free options?
The Restaurant Alimentum does not offer gluten free options.
Are there halal options on the menu at Restaurant Alimentum?
No, Restaurant Alimentum does not have halal options.
Does Restaurant Alimentum offer vegetarian options?
The Restaurant Alimentum does not have vegetarian friendly options at this time.
Does Bloomsbury Restaurant offer delivery?
The restaurant does not offer delivery at this time.
Does the BLOOMSBURY RESTAURANT take reservations?.
No Bloomsbury restaurant does not take any reservations at this time.
Do you have alcohol?
No alcohol is available on the menu.
Do you offer take out?
Bloomsbury Restaurant does not offer take-out ordering
Does the Bloomsbury Restaurant have gluten free options?
Bloomsbury Restaurant does not offer gluten free options.
Do you have any halal meals?
Bloomsbury Restaurant does not have halal options.
Do you have vegetarian options?
Bloomsbury Restaurant does not offer vegetarian friendly options.
Do you provide free WiFi here?
The WiFi is not free.
Are there highchairs available for my children at Bloomsbury Restaurant?
Highchairs are not available at Bloomsbury Restaurant.
Do you ever have live music?
Live music is not being offered at this time.
Do you have any tables outside?
Bloomsbury does not offer outdoor seating.
Do you offer parking?
Parking is available at Bloomsbury Restaurant.
Do you have wheel chair accessibility?
Bloomsbury Restaurant is not wheelchair accessible.
Does your restaurant allow BYOB?
Bloomsbury Restaurant does not allow BYOB.
Do you accept credit cards?
Credit cards are the payment option offered at Bloomsbury Restaurant.
Does your establishment serve alcohol?
Yes, Saint Johns Chop House serves alcohol.
Do you take reservations?
Yes, you can reserve a table at this restaurant.
Does this establishment have gluten free options?
Yes, Saint Johns Chop House has gluten free options.
Do you take credit cards?
Major credit cards are accepted at Saint Johns Chop House.
Do you have seating for infants and toddlers?
High chairs are available at Saint Johns Chop House.
Does Saint Johns Chop House offer vegetarian dishes?
Yes, Saint Johns Chop House has vegetarian friendly options.
Is your location wheelchair accessible?
Yes, SAINT JOHNS CHOP HOUSE is a wheelchair accessible restaurant.
Do you have WiFi at the Saint Johns Chop House?
Free WiFi is offered at Saint Johns Chop House.
Do you offer live music?
Saint Johns Chop House does not offer live music.
Can we dine outside at the Saint Johns Chop House?
No, Saint Johns Chop House doesn't have outdoor seats.
Is there parking offered?
Saint Johns Chop House does offer parking.
Does SAINT JOHNS CHOP HOUSE allow BYOB option to their guests?
No, BYOB is not allowed at Saint Johns Chop House.
Do you offer delivery?
There is not a delivery service option at Saint Johns Chop House.
Does Saint Johns Chop House offer takeout ordering?
Saint Johns Chop House does not offer takeout ordering.
Do you have a Halal friendly menu option?
Halal options are not offered at Saint Johns Chop House.
Can I make a reservation at Mahal?
You can make a reservation at Mahal of Cambridge.
Hello.  Do you offer free wifi for your guests?
Free Wifi is not currently available.
Does the Mahal of Cambridge offer high chairs?
The Mahal of Cambridge does not offer high chairs.
Do you have live music?
No, Mahal of Cambridge does not offer live music.
Does the Mahal of Cambridge have outdoor seating?
The Mahal of Cambridge has no outdoor seating.
Does the MAHAL OF CAMBRIDGE have Car Parking?
Mahal of Cambridge offers free off-street parking that is validated.
Hello.  I am in a wheelchair.  Is your restaurant handicap accessible?
Mahal of Cambridge is not wheelchair accessible.
Am I allowed to BYOB at the Mahal of Cambridge?
No, BYOB is not allowed at Mahal of Cambridge.
Which credit cards do you accept?
Mahal of Cambridge offers mastercard and visa as payment options.
Is there delivery service?
MAHAL OF CAMBRIDGE does not offer delivery service.
Is alcohol offered at the Mahal of Cambridge?
Alcohol is not served at this place.
Can I get take out from Mahal of Cambridge?
Mahal of Cambridge does not offer take out ordering.
Is there anything gluten free on the menu?
Mahal of Cambridge does not offer gluten free options at this time.
Does this site have any halal food?
Mahal of Cambridger does not offer halal options.
Do you vegetarian options on your menu?
Mahal of Cambridge does not have vegetarian options available.
Does Cotto offer gluten free options?
Yes, Cotto has gluten free options.
Does Cotto offer vegan or vegetarian options on the menu?
Cotto offers vegan and vegetarian options.
What alcoholic drinks does Cotto serve?
Cotto serves wine and beer.
Do you accept another type of payment other than cash?
Cotto accepts all major credit cards.
Is free parking available at your location?
Yes, parking is free of charge at the Gonville Hotel where Cotto is located.
Does the COTTO offer Free Wifi?
Cotto offers free wifi.
Do you have any high chairs?
High chairs are not available here.
Do you have a live band tonight?
Cotto does not have live music.
Does this site have any outdoor seating available?
There is no outdoor seating at Cotto.
I'm in a wheelchair, are you an accessible restaurant?
Cotto is not wheelchair accessible.
Do you have BYOB?
Bring Your Own Bottle (BYOB) is not available at COTTO.
Does Cotto have delivery service?
Cotto does not offer delivery service.
Is there reservation accessibilty?
Cotto does not take reservations at this time.
Does this site takeout ordering service?
Cotto does not offer take-out ordering.
Do you have any Halal options?
No, the COTTO facility does not have Halal dietary options.
Is delivery available at HK Fusion?
Yes, delivery service is available from HK Fusion.
Is take out an available option?
HK Fusion takes take-out orders.
Do you accept reservations?
Yes, HK Fusion takes reservations.
Do you have any vegetarian dishes?
Yes HK Fusion has vegetarian options.
Does HK Fusion have free WiFi?
There is no free wifi at HK Fusion.
Are there any high chairs available at HK Fusion?
No high chairs available at HK Fusion.
Do you have live music?
We don't offer live music at HK Fusion.
Do you offer outdoor seating?
HK Fusion has no outdoor seating.
Is there parking available at HK Fusion?
HK Fusion is pleased to offer street, off-street and validated parking.
Does the HK FUSION have wheelchair accessible?
HK Fusion is not accessible by wheelchair.
Do you allow BYOB?
BYOB is not possible at HK Fusion.
What type of payment method do you accept?
HK Fusion accepts Visa, MasterCard and American Express.
Do you serve alcohol?
HK Fusion does serve alcohol.
Can I get gluten free options at HK Fusion?
HK Fusion does not offer gluten free options.
Do you have any halal options?
HK Fusion does not have halal options.
Can I make a reservation?
Yes, you can book a table in advance.
Does your restaurant have vegetarian friendly options?
Yes, Shanghai Family Restaurant has vegetarian friendly options.
Do you offer free WIFi?
Shanghai Family Restaurant does not offer free WiFi.
Will I be able to get a high chair at Shanghai Family Restaurant?
There are no high chairs available for babies at SHANGHAI FAMILY RESTAURANT.
Do you offer live music?
SHANGHAI FAMILY RESTAURANT does not offer live music.
Does this site have any outdoor seating available?
The Shanghai Family Restaurant does not offer outdoor seating.
Is there parking at Shangai Family Restaurant?
Parking is provided at Shangai Family Restaurant.
Is it okay if we bring a guest in a wheelchair?
Shanghai Family Restaurant is not wheelchair accessible.
Does this site offer BYOB service?
No, Shanghai Family Restaurant doesn't offer a BYOB option.
What are the payment options at Shanghai Family Restaurant?
American Express, Mastercard and Visa are payment options available at this restaurant.
DO you have free delivery/
Shanghai Family Restaurant does not offer free delivery.
Does Shanghai Family Restaurant serve alcoholic beverages?
Shanghai Family restaurant does not serve alcohol.
Do you have take-out ordering?
No, we don't offer take-out ordering at Shanghai Family Restaurant.
What are your gluten free options?
The menu at Shanghai Family Restaurant does not have gluten free options.
Do you have anything on the menu that's halal?
Halal options are not offered by SHANGHAI FAMILY RESTAURANT.
Is there outdoor seating available?
Outdoor seating is not available at Tang Chinese.
What are your parking options?
Tang Chinese offers street, off-street and validated parking for your convenience.
is it wheelchair accessible?
Tang Chinese is not wheelchair accessible.
Do you have BYOB?
You can not bring your own bottle at Tang Chinese.
What are your payment methods at Tang Chinese?
Payment methods at Tang Chinese include credit cards.
Does TANG CHINESE offer a delivery service?
Delivery service is not offered at Tang Chinese.
Do you take reseravtions?
Tang Chinese do not take reservations.
Does Tang Chinese serve alcohol?
Alcohol is not served at Tang Chinese restaurant.
Can I order take-out?
Tang Chinese does not offer take-out ordering.
Do you have any gluten-free options?
There are no gluten free options offered at Tang Chinese.
D you offer any Halal meals?
Tang Chinese does not offer halal options.
Does Tang Chinese offer any vegetarian options?
Tang Chinese does not have Vegetarian options.
Do you offer wifi?
Tang Chinese does not offer free WiFi.
Does Tang Chinese have a high chair for my baby?
There are no high chairs available for babies available at Tang Chinese.
Is there ever live music at Tang Chinese?
Tang Chinese does not offer live music as entertainment option.
What parking options are available at your location?
Only street parking is available.
Can I order food to go?
Yippee Noodle Bar offers take-out ordering.
What if my toddler wants to eat at your restaurant?
High chairs are available at Yippee Noodle Bar.
Do you serve any alcohol?
The YIPPE NOODLE BAR serves all forms of alcohol.
Can I bring my wheelchair?
Yes, Yippee Noodle Bar is wheelchair accessible.
Do yo have free wifi?
Yippee Noodle Bar does not offer free WiFi.
Does the YIPPEE NOODLE BAR offer live music?
Yippee does not offer live music entertainment.
Does the YIPPEE NOODLE BAR have outdoor seating?.
Yippee Noodle Bar does not have outdoor seating.
Is BYOB an option at Yippee Noodle Bar?
BYOB is against policy at Yippee Noodle Bar.
What forms of payment do you accept?
Yippee Noodle Bar accepts Visa, American Express, and Mastercard as payment.
Do you offer delivery service?
Yippee Noodle Bar does not offer delivery service.
Can I make a reservation?
Yippee Noodle Bar does not take reservations.
Do you have gluten free options?
The Yippee Noodle Bar does not offer gluten free options.
Does Yippee Noodle Bar offer halal items?
Yippee Noodle Bar does not have halal options.
Does this site have any vegetarian food?
The Yippee Noodle Bar is not vegetarian friendly.
Is this location wheelchair accessible?
Clowns Cafe is not wheelchair accessible.
Do you allow BYOB?
Clowns Cafe does not allow Bring Your Own Bottle (BYOB).
Are you a cash-only establishment?
The Clowns Cafe accepts credit cards.
Do you offer delivery service?
CLOWNS CAFE does not offer delivery service.
Can I make a reservation for tonight?
Clowns Cafe does not take reservations.
Do you serve alcohol?
Clowns Cafe does not serve alcohol.
Do you offer take-out?
Clowns Cafe does not offer take-out ordering.
Do you offer gluten free options at Clowns Cafe?
Clowns Cafe does not offer gluten free options.
Does CLOWNS CAFE offer halal options?
Clowns Cafe does not offer halal options.
Does this site have any vegetarian food?
The Clowns Cafe does not offer vegetarian friendly options.
Does Clowns Cafe have free wifi?
We don't offer free WiFi at Clowns Cafe.
Does the Clowns Cafe offer highchairs?
Clowns Cafe does not have highchairs available for babies.
Does this restaurant offer live music?
Clowns Cafe does not offer live music at their establishment.
Is there outdoor seating at Clowns Cafe?
Clowns Cafe does not offer outdoor seating at this time.
Do you offer free parking?
Parking is available at Clowns Cafe.
Do you offer any entertainment for customers?
You can enjoy live music every night.
Does your restaurant accept reservations?
Yes, you can make a reservation.
Does your menu have any vegetarian options?
Yes, there are vegetarian options.
Do you have a gluten free menu?
Yes, gluten free options are offered.
Do you offer any wine?
Yes, various wines are available.
Are highchairs available?
High Chairs are available at Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop.
What forms of payment are accepted at your establishment?
DARRY'S COOKHOUSE AND WINE SHOP accepts cash, MasterCard and Visa for payment.
Does Darrys cookhouse and wine shop offer free wifi?
Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop does not offer free WiFi.
Do you have outdoor seating?
No, there is no outdoor seating available.
Do you have free parking?
Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop offers free off-street parking.
Are you wheelchair accessible?
Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop is not wheelchair accessible.
Is BYOB an option there?
BYOB is not an option at Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop.
Can I order food for delivery?
Delivery service is not offered by Darrys Cookkhouse and Wine Shop.
Do you offer take-out?
Takeout ordering is not offered at Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop.
Do you have any halal meals available?
Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop does not offer halal options.
Are there vegetarian options on the menu?
This restaurant is vegetarian friendly.
Is this a wheelchair accessible restaurant?
Yes, this is a wheelchair accessible restaurant.
Does your restaurant accept reservations?
Yes, you can make a reservation in advance.
Can I do a take-out order from your restaurant?
Yes, Efes Restaurant has take-out ordering.
Do you serve halal dishes?
Halal options are available at Efes Restaurant.
Does this restaurant have a bar?
EFES Restaurant has a full bar.
Are highchairs for babies provided there?
Efes Restaurant has highchairs for babies.
Are there any gluten free options at this restaurant?
There are gluten free options at this restaurant.
Do you accept credit cards?
Efes accepts all major credit cards.
Do you have wifi?
Efes Restaurant does not offer free WiFi.
Is live music available at EFES Restaurant?
Live music is not available at Efes Restaurant.
Do you have outdoor seating?
EFES RESTAURANT does not have outdoor seatings.
What kind of parking do you offer?
There is validated parking, street parking, and free off-street parking available at Efes.
Do you offer BYOB?
Efes Restaurant does not offer BYOB.
Does Efes have delivery?
There is no delivery service at Efes Restaurant.
Does Kohinoor have vegetarian options on the menu?
Yes, the restaurant is vegetarian friendly .
Does this location take reservations?
Yes, you can make a reservation at Kohinoor.
Does it serve alcohoL?
Kohinoor does not serve alcohol.
Does Kohinoor offer take-out orders?
Kohimoor does not have take-out ordering.
Does Kohinoor have gluten free options?
Kohinoor has no gluten free options available.
Hello, do you have halal food?
Kohinoor's menu does not offer halal options.
Does Kohinoor have free WiFi for its customers?
KOHINOOR does not offer free WiFi.
Do you have high chairs available for babies?
Kohinoor does not offer any high chairs for babies.
Does Kohinoor ever have any live music?
Kohinoor does not offer live music.
Is there a place to sit outside at Kohinoor?
The Kohinoor does not offer outdoor seating.
Is parking available?
Free off-street parking is available at Kohinoor.
Are you wheelchair accessible?
Restaurant Kohinoor is not wheelchair accessible.
Is there BYOB?
You cannot BYOB at Kohinoor.
What are your payment options at Kohinoor?
Payment options at Kohinoor are American Express, Visa, and Mastercard.
Do you have delivery service?
Kohinoor does not offer delivery service.
Does KYMMOY offer alcohol?
Kymmoy serves alcoholic beverage.
Can I have my food delivered?
Kymmoy does offer delivery service.
Do you have a take out menu available?
Yes, Kymmoy has take-out ordering.
Do you accept reservations?
Kymmoy does take reservations.
Does KYMMOY offer free WiFi?
Kymmoy does not offer free WiFi.
Does KYMMOY have chairs available for babies?
No, KYMMOY does not have high chairs available for babies.
Does KYMMOY offer live music?
Kymmoy does not offer live music.
Does Kymmoy have outdoor seating available?
There is not seating outside at Kymmoy.
Do you have free parking?
The parking options at Kymmoy are validated, street and free off-street parking.
Is this establishment wheelchair accessible?
Kymmoy is not wheelchair accessible.
Is there BYOB?
No, BYOB isn't available at KYMMOY.
Hello.  Can I use my VISA card with my order?
All credit cards will be taken by Kymmoy.
Do you have gluten free?
Gluten free options are not available at Kymmoy.
Does Kymmoy offer halal options?
Kymmoy does not offer any halal options.
Do you have vegetarian meals?
No, Kymmoy does not have vegetarian friendly options.
Does your location accept reservations?
Yes, the Golden Curry takes reservations.
Are you wheelchair accessible?
The Golden Curry is a wheelchair accessible.
Is take-out ordering an option at The Golden Curry?
Yes, the Golden Curry has take-out ordering.
Do you have any type of seating for babies?
The Golden Curry has high chairs for infants.
Can I order alcohol along with my meal?
Alcohol is served at The Golden Curry.
Do you have many gluten free options on the menu?
The Golden Curry does not have gluten free options.
Does THE GOLDEN CURRY offer halal options?
The Golden Curry does not offer halal options.
Hello.  Can you tell me what vegetarian items are on the menu?
The Golden Curry does not offer vegetarian friendly options.
Do you have free WiFi?
The Golden Curry does not offer free wi-fi.
Is live music offered at The Golden Curry?
The Golden Curry does not offer live music.
Do you have any tables outside?
The Golden Curry has no outdoor seating.
Is there parking at The Golden Curry?
The Golden Curry has validated parking, street parking and free off street parking.
Do you allow guests to BYOB?
No, BYOB is not allowed at The Golden Curry.
What payment options are available?
The payment options that are available at The Golden Curry are American Express, Mastercard and Visa.
Do you offer delivery service?
No, there is no delivery available for The Golden Curry.
Can I bring a wheelchair into your restaurant?
Yes, Bedouin is wheelchair accessible.
Do you have any Halal options on the menu?
There are halal options at this restaurant.
Can I book a table ahead of time?
Yes, you can book a table at this restaurant.
Does Bedouin serve alcohol?
Yes, alcohol is served at Bedouin.
Does the Bedouin have gluten free options available?
Bedouin has gluten free options.
Are there any vegetarian options available there?
There are many vegetarian options available at Bedouin.
DO you have free wifi?
There is no free wifi available at BEDOUIN.
Do you have high chairs?
Bedouin does not have high chairs available.
Is there live music at bedouin?
Bedouin does not offer live music.
Do you have outdoor seating?
No, Bedouin doesn't have outdoor seats.
Do you have free parking?
Free off-street parking is available at Bedouin.
Do you allow BYOB at your location?
BYOB is not allowed at Bedouin.
Which credit cards to you take?
The payment options accepted at Bedouin are Mastercard and Visa.
Can I have my order from Bedouin delivered to my hotel?
Delivery service is not offered at Bedouin.
Does the BEDOUIN offer takeout ordering?
Takeout ordering is not offered at Bedouin.
Are there vegetarian options on the menu at Curry Queen?
This restaurant is vegetarian friendly.
Are Halal options available?
Halal options are offered at Curry Queen.
Do you have high chairs available to use?
High chairs are available at Curry Queen.
Can I order take-out?
Curry Queen offers take-out.
Is there alcohol served at Curry Queen?
Yes, Curry Queen serves alcohol.
Do you take credit cards?
All major credit cards are accepted.
Am I able to make a reservation ahead of time?
The Curry Queen accepts reservations.
Can I have my food delivered?
Yes, CURRY QUEEN has delivery service.
Does Curry Queen offer free WiFi?
No, Curry Queen does not offer free WiFi.
Is there live music at Curry Queen?
Live music is not offered here.
Are there outdoor seats?
We don't have outdoor seats here.
Where should we park for your restaurant?
Curry Queen offers free off-street parking.
Is Curry Queen wheelchair accessible?
Curry Queen is not wheelchair accessible.
Do you allow patrons to BYOB?
BYOB is not allowed at the Curry Queen.
Are there any gluten free options?
CURRY QUEEN does not have gluten free options.
Do you have vegetarian options?
RICE HOUSE does not have vegetarian friendly options.
Do you have free wifi?
Rice House does not offer free WiFi.
Does Rice House have high chairs for babies to use?
RICE HOUSE does not have high chairs available for babies.
Is there live music at Rice House?
Rice House does not offer live music.
Do you have outdoor seating?
Rice House does not offer outdoor seating at this time.
What kind of parking is offered?
RICE HOUSE offers parking.
Is this location wheel chair accessible?
Rice House is not wheelchair accessible.
Are you allowed to bring in your own beverages?
BYOB is not possible at Rice House.
Do you take anything besides cash?
credit cards are the only other option for the rice house.
Would I be able to have an order delivered?
No, Rich House does not offer delivery service for their customers.
Do you take reservations?
The Rice House does not take reservatiions.
Does Rice House offer alcohol?
You cannot order alcohol at Rice House.
Do you offer take out ordering?
Rice House does not offer take-out ordering.
Does Rice House have gluten free options?
The Rice House does not offer gluten free options.
Does Rice House offer halal options?
Rice House does not have halal options.
Do you offer take out or delivery?
Yes, this restaurant offers both takeout and delivery.
Do you offer delivery or would I have to find a third party?
yes, the restaurant offers delivery services.
Do you provide free WiFi?
Lan Hong House does not offer free WiFi.
Does the LAN HONG HOUSE have high chairs for Babies?
Lan Hong House does not have highchairs available for babies.
DO you have live music?
Live music is not offered at Lan Hong House.
Is there outdoor seating?
Lan Hong House does not have outdoor seating.
Can I park my car at the site?
Free off-street parking is offered at Lan Hong House.
Is Lan Hong House wheelchair accessible?
Lan Hong House is not accessible by wheelchair.
Is BYOB possible at Lan Hong House?
BYOB is not possible at Lan Hong House.
Do you accept credit cards as a payment option?
Payment options at Lan Hong House include credit cards.
Does LAN HONG HOUSE take reservations?
Lan Hong House does not take reservations.
Do you serve alcohol?
Lan Hong House does not serve alcohol.
Does LAN HONG HOUSE have gluten free options?
No, Lan Hong House doesn't have gluten free options.
Do you have halal options?
No Halal options available
Is this restaurant vegetarian friendly?
Lan Hong House is not vegetarian friendly.
Is there free wifi?
PANAHAR does not offer free WiFi.
Are there highhcairs available at Panahar?
Highchairs are not available at Panahar.
Do you have live music?
Panahar does not offer live music.
Is there outdoor seating?
Panahar does not have outdoor seating.
Is there parking near or at Panahar?
Yes, the best parking option at Panahar is the free off street parking.
Can a wheelchair enter Panahar with ease?
Panahar is not wheelchair accessible.
Can we bring in our own wine?
No BYOB is possible in Panahar.
Can I use a credit card to pay for my meal at Panahar?
Credit cards are accepted at Panahar.
Does Panahar offer delivery?
Delivery is not available at Panahar.
Can I make a reservation?
Panahar does not take reservations.
Does this site offer alcohol to customers?
Panahar does not offer alcoholic beverages.
Can I order something to take away?
No, Panahar does not offer take-out ordering.
Does Panahar offer gluten free food?
There are no gluten free options available.
Is there halal offerings?
The dining options at Panahar do not include halal.
Hello.  Could you tell me what vegan dishes are available on the menu?
Panahar does not have any vegetarian friendly options.
Does this bistro take reservations?
Yes, Backstreet Bistro does take reservations.
Does Backstreet Bistro offer wifi?
Backstreet Bistro does not offer free WiFi.
Does Backstreet Bistro have high chairs for children?
No high chairs are available at Backstreet Bistro.
Do you have live music playing?
Live music is not offered at Backstreet Bistro.
Do you offer outdoor seating?
Backstreet Bistro does not having outdoor seating as a option.
Is there a place to park my car at Backstreet Bistro?
Yes, there is parking available at Backstreet Bistro.
Is Backstreet Bistro wheelchair accessible?
Backstreet Bistro is not accessible by wheelchair.
can i BYOB at the backstreet bistro?
BYOB is not possible at Bakstreet Bistro.
What credit cards do you accept?
We accept Mastercard and Visa.
Does BACKSTREET BISTRO offer delivery?
Backstreet Bistro does not offer delivery, sorry.
Do you have a wine list?
Backstreet Bistro does not serve alcohol.
Can I get take out from Backstreet Bistro?
No, takeout is not available at Backstreet Bistro.
Are there any gluten free options here?
No, there are no gluten free options available at Backstreet Bistro.
Do you have any halal options?
Backstreet Bistro does not offer halal options.
Does this site have any vegetarian food?
Backstreet Bistro does not have vegetarian friendly options.
Do you offer take-out?
Take-out is available at Meze Bar.
Do you have alcoholic beverages?
Meze Bar serves alcohol.
Is there wheelchair access there?
Yes, MEZE BAR is a wheelchair accessible establishment.
Do you allow table reservations?
Yes, table reservations are accepted.
Is there arrangement of High chairs?
High chairs are available at Meze Bar.
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Meze Bar does not offer free WiFi.
Do you ever have live music?
No, there is no live music.
Is there outdoor seating at Meze Bar?
Meze Bar does not have outdoor seating.
Does the MEZE BAR  have Car Parking?
Parking is available at MEZE BAR.
Do you allow BYOB?
BYOB is not possible at MEZE BAR.
What are the payment options at Meze Bar?
Credit cards are accepted at Meze Bar.
Does Meze Bar offer delivery service?
There is no delivery available by MEZE BAR.
Do you have a gluten free menu?
Meze Bar does not have gluten free options.
Do you have halal options?
Meze Bar does not have halal options available.
Are there vegetarian items on the Meze Bar?
The menu at Meze Bar does not have vegetarian friendly options.
Does Royal Standard have outdoor seating?
You can choose either indoor or ourdoor seats.
Can a wheelchair access your restaurant?
Yes, Royal Standard is wheelchair accessible.
Does your outfit accept reservations?
Yes, reservations are accepted at Royal Standard.
Do you have anything for vegetarians?
Yes, Royal Standard has vegetarian friendly options.
What types of payment do you accept?
The Royal Standard accepts cash, MasterCard and Visa for payment.
Do you have seating for toddlers or babies?
Yes, Royal Standard does have highchairs available for babies' seating.
Does Royal Standard serve any alcohol?
Alcohol is not served at Royal Standard.
Does your location offer take out?
Royal Standard doesn't offer take-out.
Do you have gluten free options?
Royal Standard does not offer gluten free options.
Do you have any halal options?
No, there are no halal options at Royal Standard
Do you provide free WiFi in your restaurant?
There is no free WiFi at the moment in the restaurant.
Is there live music at the Royal Standard?
Live music is not offered here.
What are the parking options at Royal Standard?
There is validated parking, street parking,  and free off-street parking.
Can I bring my own alcohol to Royal Standard?
You can't bring your own alcohol into Royal Standard.
Does Royal Standard offer delivery service?
ROYAL STANDARD does not have delivery service.
Does your restaurant have takeout and delivery options?
Taj Tandoori offers takeout and delivery.
Is BYOB welcomed there?
Yes you can have BYOB here at Taj Tandoori.
Can I order take-out there?
Yes, Taj Tandoori has take-out.
Are high chairs available at Taj Tandoori for babies?
High chairs are available at Taj Tandoori.
What are my parking options for your restaurant?
Free off-street parking is available at Taj Tandoori.
Is Taj Tandoori wheelchair accessible?
Yes, TAJ TANDOORI is a Wheelchair Accessible restaurant.
Can I make a reservation in advance?
Yes the restaurant takes reservations. You may book your table in advance.
What forms of payment does your restaurant accept?
TAJ TANDOORI accepts cash, American Express, MasterCard, Visa, and digital payments.
Do you have free WIFI?
Taj Tandoori does not offer free WiFI.
Do you have live music at 5PM?
no  taj tandoori does not offer live music at the time .
Are there outdoor seats at Taj Tandoori?
There is not outdoor seating available at Taj Tandoori.
Does TAJ TANDOORI offer alcohol?
No Taj Tandoori doesn't offer alcohol, but you can BYOB.
Do you have gluten free options?
No gluten free options are available
Are there any Halal options at Taj Tandoori?
Taj Tandoori does not have halal options.
Does this site have any vegetarian food?
Taj Tandoori does not offer vegetarian friendly options.
Do you offer Halal menu options?
Halal options are not available here.
Do you have vegetarian options?
The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway isn't vegetarian friendly.
Is there free wifi?
The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway does not have free wifi access.
Are there high chairs at The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway?
The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway does not have high chairs available.
Is there live music here on weekends?
Live music is not offered at The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway.
Is there a place outdoors where customers can eat their meal?
The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway doesn't offer outdoor seats.
What are your parking options?
Free Off-Street Parking is available onsite.
Is your restaurant wheelchair accessible?
This is not a wheelchair accessible restaurant.
Do you allow customers to BYOB?
No, BYOB is not available at The Good Luck Chinese food takeaway.
Do you accept credit cards?
This restaurant accepts American Express, Mastercard and Visa.
Does this site offer delivery service?
The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway does not offer delivery as a service option.
Do you accept reservations?
The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway does not take reservations.
Do you serve alcoholic beverages?
We don't serve alcohol here.
Can I place a take-out order?
Take-out ordering is not available here.
Does the good luck chinese food takeaway have gluten free options?
The menu does not have gluten free options.
Am I able to call ahead to reserve a table?
Yes, the restaurant does accept reservations.
Does the Chiquito Restaurant Bar have free wifi?
Chiquito Restaurant Bar does not offer free WiFi.
Are there high chairs?
No, there are no high chairs available at Chiquito Restaurant.
Does Chiquita Restaurant Bar ever have live music?
Chiquito Restaurant Bar does not offer live music.
Does this site have any outdoor seating available?
Chiquito Restaurant Bar offers outdoor seating.
Is there available parking at Chiquito Restaurant?
Yes, there is parking available at Chiquito Restaurant.
Are you wheelchair accessible?
Chiquito Restaurant Bar is not wheelchair accessible.
Can I bring my own alcohol to Chiquito Restaurant Bar?
You cannot bring your own alcohol into Chiquito Restaurant Bar.
What payment methods does Chiquito Restaurant Bar accept?
The payment methods available at Chiquito Restaurant Bar are American Express, Mastercard, and Visa.
Do you have delivery?
Chiquito Restaurant Bar does not offer delivery service.
Does the CHIQUITO RESTAURANT BAR  serve Alcohol?
Chiquito Restaurant Bar does not serve alcohol.
Do you offer takeout?
No, Chiquito does not offer orders for takeout.
Does CHIQUITO RESTAURANT BAR offer gluten free options?
Chiquito Restaurant Bar does not offer gluten free options.
Is there halal meals at chiquito?
Chiquito Restaurant Bar does not have halal options.
Are there any vegetarian options at The Chiquito Restaurant Bar?
The Chiquito Restaurant Bar does not offer vegetarian friendly options.
Can I book a table in advance at your restaurant?
Yes, a table can be booked in advance.
Are you handicap accessible?
Frankie and Bennys is wheelchair accessible.
Do you serve alcohol?
Yes, alcohol is available in the menu.
Is vegetarian dish available Frankie and Benny's?
Yes, Frankie and Benny's has vegetarian friendly options.
Does Frankie and Bennys have high chairs for babies to sit in?
Frankie and Benny's has high chairs available for babies.
Are gluten free options available?
Yes this restaurant does offer gluten free options.
Do you offer free wifi?
Yes, there is free WiFi offered at Frankie and Bennys.
Do you have live music?
We currently do not offer live music.
Is there outdoor seating?
Outdoor seating is not available at Frankie and Bennys.
What type of parking does FRANKIE AND BENNYS have?
Frankie and Bennys offers validated parking, street parking, and free off-street parking.
Can guests BYOB at this restaurant?
BYOB is not possible at Frankie and Bennys.
what are the payment options at frankie and bennys?
Payment options available at Frankie and Bennys includes American Express, Mastercard and Visa.
Do you offer delivery service?
Delivery Service is not offered at Frankie and Bennys.
Does Frankie and Bennys offer take takeout?
Frankie and Bennys does not offer takeout at this time.
Do you have halal options?
Frankie and Bennys does not offer any halal options.
Do you have delivery service?
Delivery service is not offered at Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton.
Does the Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton take reservations?.
Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton does not take reservations.
Do you serve alcohol?
There is no alcohol served at Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton.
Does Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton have take-out ordering?
Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton does not offer take-out ordering.
Do you offer gluten free menu options at Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton?
Gluten free options are not offered at Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton.
Does Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton offer halal options?
No, Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton does not offer halal options.
Do you have any vegetarian-friendly options?
Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton does not offer vegetarian friendly options.
Does Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton have free wifi?
There is not free wifi at the Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton.
Does Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton have high chairs for babies?
Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton does not have high chairs available for babies.
Does Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton offer live music?
Live music is not offered at Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton.
Does this site have any outdoor seating available?
PIZZA HUT CHERRY HINTON does not have outdoor seats.
Is there parking there?
There is parking at Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton.
Does the PIZZA HUT CHERRY HINTON have wheelchair accessible?
Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton is not wheelchair accessible.
Can we bring in our own beer and wine?
BYOB is not allowed here.
Are credit cards accepted at Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton?
Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton accepts credit cards.
Can I reserve a table at The Lucky Star?
Yes, The Lucky Star accepts reservations.
Do you have free wifi?
The Lucky Star has no free WiFi.
Do you have high chair accessibility/
The Lucky Star does not have any high chairs available.
Does The Lucky Star have live music?
There is no live music at THE LUCKY STAR.
Do you have outdoor seating?
Outdoor seating is not available at The Lucky Star.
Do you have free parking?
Yes, there is free off-street parking at The Lucky Star
Is it wheelchair accessible?
The Lucky Star is not wheelchair accessible for those who need it.
Can we bring in our own beer and wine?
BYOB is not possible at The Lucky Star.
Do you accept credit cards?
Credit card payments are allowed.
Do you offer delivery/
The Lucky Star does not offer delivery service.
Do you serve alcohol?
The Lucky Star does not serve alcohol.
Do you offer takeout?
The Lucky Star has no take-out ordering.
Does The Lucky Star have any gluten free options?
No, there are no gluten free options.
Does The Lucky Star offer any halal options?
Halal food options are not available at The Lucky Star.
Do you offer vegetarian meals?
The Lucky Star does not have vegetarian friendly options.
Does your restaurant accept reservations?
Yes, Sitar Tandoori takes reservations.
Does Sitar Tandoori offer takeout?
Sitar Tandoori offers takeout.
Does your restaurant offer delivery?
Sitar Tandoori offers delivery.
What are your parking options?
Parking is available at Sitar Tandoori.
Are you wheelchair accessible?
Sitar Tandoori is not wheelchair accessible.
Do you have BYOB?
BYOB is not possible at Sitar Tandoori.
Does the Sitar Tandoori accept credit cards for payment?
Sitar Tandoori accepts credit cards.
What are the different alcohol options available to order at Sitar Tandoori?
Alcohol is not available to order at Sitar Tandoori.
Does SITAR TANDOORI offer gluten free options?
No, there are no gluten free options offered at Sitar Tandoori.
Do you have many halal options on the menu?
Sitar Tandoori does not have any halal options.
Does Sitar Tandoori have a vegetarian menu?
The Sitar Tandoori does not offer vegetarian friendly options.
Does Sitar Tandoori offer free WiFi?
No, there is no free WiFi at Sitar Tandoori
Do you have high chairs?
High chairs are not available here.
What time does the live music start at Sitar Tandoori?
Sitar Tandoori does not offer live music.
Do you have outdoor seating?
There is no outdoor seating available at SITAR TANDOORI.
Is Gourmet Burger Kitchen wheelchair accessible?
Yes, Gourmet Burger Kitchen is wheelchair accesible.
Can I make a reservation?
Gourmet Burger Kitchen takes reservations.
Do you have alcoholic drinks available?
Yes, the restaurant serves alcohol.
Can I get a highchair for my young kid?
Yes, highchairs are available.
Can I place a take-out order?
Yes, this restaurant offers take-out ordering.
Does Gourmet Burger Kitchen offer free WiFi?
Gourmet Burger Kitchen does not offer free WiFi.
Are there any nights when you have live music?
Gourmet Burger Kitchen does not offer live music.
Is there outdoor seating available for diners?
Gourmet Burger Kitchen does not have seating available outdoors.
Does Gourmet Burger Kitchen have parking?
Parking is available at Gourmet Burger Kitchen.
Do you offer BYOB?
BYOB is not possible at Gourmet Burger Kitchen.
DO you take credit cards?
Credit cards are taken as payment at Gourmet Burger Kitchen.
Does GOURMET BURGER KITCHEN offer delivery services?
GOURMET BURGER KITCHEN does not offer delivery services.
Does the Gourmet Burger serve gluten free options?
Gluten free options are not offered at Gourmet Burger Kitchen.
Do you have halal options?
GOURMET BURGER KITCHEN does not have halal options.
Is there any options for vegetarians?
Gourmet Burger Kitchen does not offer vegetarian friendly options.
Is Pizza Hut City Center deliver Pizza?
Delivery is available at Pizza Hut City Centre.
Do Pizza Huts have highchairs available?
Yes, Pizza Huts have high chairs.
Does Pizza Hut City Centre have takeout available?
Takeout orders are accepted at Pizza Hut City Centre.
Do you have Vegetarian options?
Vegetarian options are available at Pizza Hut City Centre.
Does Pizza Hut have gluten free options?
Yes, Pizza Hut does have gluten free options.
Do you accept credit?
Credit cards are accepted at Pizza Hut City Centre.
Can I make a reservation for 8 people?
Pizza Hut City Centre does not take reservations.
Does Pizza Hut City Centre have alcohol?
Sorry they do not serve alcohol.
Does Pizza Hut City Centre have halal options?
Pizza Hut City Centre does not have halal options available.
Does Pizza Hut City Centre have free WiFi?
Free WiFi is not available here.
Is there live music tonight?
This Pizza Hut does not offer live music.
Do you have outdoor seating?
There is no outdoor seating at Pizza Hut City Centre.
Is there free parking available?
Only street parking is available for guests at Pizza Hut City Centre.
Does the PIZZA HUT CITY CENTRE have wheelchair accessible?
Pizza Hut City Centre is not wheelchair accessible.
Can we bring our own alcohol to drink at Pizza Hut City Centre?
BYOB is not possible at Pizza Hut City Centre.
Does Restaurant One Seven have free WiFi?
Restaurant One Seven does not offer free WiFi.
Do you have high chairs?
No high chairs for babies at Restaurant One Seven.
Is there live music at this restaurant?
No, this restaurant doesn't offer live music.
Does Restaurant One Seven have an outdoor seating area?
There are no outdoor seating available.
Do you have free parking?
Yes, the best option is free off street parking.
Is your facility wheelchair accessible?
Restaurant One Seven is not wheelchair accessible.
Does Restaurant One Seven have BYOB?
No possibility of BYOB at Restaurant One Seven.
What are your payment options?
Various credit cards are available payment options.
Does Restaurant One Seven deliver?
Delivery service is not offered by Restaurant One Seven.
Are there reservations offered?
Restaurant One Seven does not offer reservations as a service option.
Do you serve any alcohol?
Restaurant One Seven serves no alcohol.
Dos Restaurant One Seven offer takout?
No, takeout is not offered at One Seven.
Do you have gluten free options?
Restaurant One Seven does not have gluten free options.
Are there any halal options?
Restaurant One Seven does not offer any halal options.
Does Restaurant One Seven have options for vegetarians?
Vegetarian friendly options are not available at Restaurant One Seven.
Do you have menu items for vegetarians?
The menu at Charlie Chan is vegetarian friendly.
Can I make a reservation at Charlie Chan?
Yes, this restaurant takes reservations.
Do you have high chairs?
Charlie Chan does not have high chairs available for babies.
Is there live music at Charlie Chan?
No, there is no live music at Charlie Chan.
Do you have any outdoor seating available?
No outdoor seating is available at this restaurant.
Where can I park if I come to Charlie Chan?
There is free off-street parking available at Charlie Chan.
Is Charlie Chan wheelchair accessible?
Charlie Chan is not wheelchair accessible.
Do you have BYOB?
BYOB is against policy at Charlie Chan.
Does Charlie Chan accept credit cards?
CHARLIE CHAN accepts credit cards for payment.
Does Charlie Chan offer delivery?
Charlie Chan does not offer delivery service.
Does it serve alcohol?
Charlie Chan does not serve alcohol.
Does your location offer takeout?
No takeout option is available at Charlie Chan.
Does Charlie Chan's menu have gluten free options?
Charlie Chan does not have gluten free options.
Does Charlie Chan have halal options?
Charlie Chan doesn't offer halal options in its' menu.
Is there free WiFi at Charlie Chan?
Charlie Chan does not offer free WiFi.
Can I order at Pizza Express for take-out?
Yes, you can take-out your order from Pizza Express.
Do you have anything vegetarian on your menu?
Yes there are vegetarian options available.
Do you serve alcoholic beverages?
Pizza Express serves alcohol.
Are there high chairs at your restaurant?
Yes, highchairs are available at Pizza Express
Are there gluten-free options at Pizza Express?
There are gluten free options at Pizza Express.
Do you take reservations in advance?
The restaurant allows reservations.
Is there a wheelchair ramp at Pizza Express?
Pizza Express is wheelchair accessible.
Is there wifi available?
Yes, Pizza Express has free WiFi
Is there live music at Pizza Express?
Pizza Express does not offer live music.
Does the PIZZA EXPRESS have outdoor seating?.
Pizza Express does not have outdoor seating.
Do you have street parking?
Street parking is available here.
Can I bring my own beer to Pizza Express?
BYOB is not available at PIZZA EXPRESS.
what payment options does pizza express offer?
Pizza Express takes American Express, Mastercard and Visa as payment options.
Is there delivery offered?
No delivery option is available at this time.
Does Pizza Express offer halal options?
Pizza Express does not offer halal options.
Do you take reservations?
Yes, this restaurant takes your reservations.
Do you have delivery options?
Yes, Curry Garden has delivery options.
Are there any WiFi at the site?
There is no free WiFi at the Curry Garden.
Do you have high chairs at the curry garden?
High chairs are not available here.
Do you have live music?
Curry Garden does not offer live music as a entertainment option.
Do you have outdoor seating?
Outdoor seating is not available at Curry Garden.
What are your parking options?
CURRY GARDEN has available Validated Parking, street parking and off the street free parking.
Is Curry Garden accessible with a wheelchair?
Curry Garden is not wheelchair accessible.
Is BYOB an option at Curry Garden?
BYOB is not possible at Curry Garden.
What are your payment options?
The payment options available at Curry Garden are credit cards.
Does Curry Garden serve alcohol?
Curry Garden does not serve alcohol.
Does the CURRY GARDEN provide take-out ordering service to their customers?
You can't order food for take out at Curry Garden.
Do you have gluten free options?
Curry Garden does not have gluten free options.
Does the CURRY GARDEN have halal options?
Curry Garden does not offer halal options.
Do you have vegetarian friendly menu options?
No, Curry Garden does not have vegetarian friendly options.
Do you offer free wifi?
There is no free WiFi and J Restaurant.
Does J Restaurant have highchairs?
J Restaurant does not have highchairs available.
Is there live music at J Restaurant in the evening?
J Restaurant is not a live music venue.
does the j restaurant offer outdoor seating?
J Restaurant does not offer outdoor seating.
Is there a place to park at J Restaurant?
J Restaurant offers free off-street parking.
Is this wheelchair accessible?
No, J Restaurant is not wheelchair accessible.
can i byob at j restaurant?
BYOB is not available at J RESTAURANT.
Which credit cards do you accept?
J Restaurant accepts Visa, Mastercard and American Express.
Do you offer delivery/
J Restaurant does not offer delivery service.
Do you need a reservation to dine at J Restaurant?
J Restaurant does not take reservations.
Does the J Restaurant  serve Alcohol?
J Restaurant does not serve alcohol.
Can I get my food to go at J Restaurant.
J Restaurant does not offer take-out ordering.
Is there gluten free?
J Restaurant does not offer any gluten free options.
Does J Restaurant have halal options?
J RESTAURANT does not have halal options.
Do you have vegetarian friendly options?
J Restaurant does not have vegetarian friendly options.
Can I order take-out from Little Seoul?
Yes, LITTLE SEOUL does offer take-out ordering.
Are you taking reservations?
Little Seoul takes reservations.
Is there alcohol available?
Yes, Little Seoul serves alcohol.
Is there WiFi at Little Seoul?
There is no wifi offered
Does the LITTLE SEOUL have high chairs for Babies?
High chairs are not available here.
Do you ever have live music?
Live music is not offered at Little Seoul.
Do you have outdoor seating?
Little Seoul does not offer outdoor seating.
What are your parking options?
Street parking is available here.
Are you accessible for guests in wheelchairs?
Little Seoul is not wheelchair accessible.
Can I bring my own alcohol to Little Seoul?
Little Seoul does not allow you to bring in your own alcohol.
What type of payment method do you accept?
Little Seoul takes credit cards.
Does the Little Seoul  have Delivery options?
No, Little Seoul doesn't offer delivery.
Does Little Seoul offer gluten free options?
Little Seoul does not offer any gluten free options.
What are your halal options?
No Little Seoul does not have halal options.
What are your vegetarian options?
Vegetarian friendly options are not available here.
Does your restaurant accept reservations?
Shiraz Restaurant accepts reservations.
Do you offer free wifi?
Free WiFi is not offered at Shiraz Restaurant.
Does Shiraz Restaurant have highchairs for babies?
High chairs for babies are not available at SHIRAZ RESTAURANT.
Is there live music at Shiraz Restaurant?
There is no live music at SHIRAZ RESTAURANT.
Does this site have any outdoor seating available?
Shiraz Restaurant does not offer outdoor seating.
does the shiraz restaurant offer parking?
Parking is available at Shiraz Restaurant.
Does the shiraz restaurant have wheelchair access?
The Shiraz Restaurant is not wheelchair accessible.
Does Shiraz Restaurant allow BYOB?
BYOB is not possible at Shiraz Restaurant.
What payment options are accepted here?
The payment options accepted at Shiraz Restaurant are American Express, Mastercard, and Visa.
Can I order food for delivery?
This place does not offer delivery services.
Is alcohol served at Shiraz Restaurant?
The Shiraz Restaurant does not serve alcohol.
Do you offer take out?
Shiraz Restaurant does not off take-out ordering.
Does the SHIRAZ RESTAURANT offer gluten free options?
Shiraz Restaurant does not offer gluten free options.
What kind of halal foods do you offer?
The menu at Shiraz does not have halal options.
Does Shiraz Restaurant have vegetarian items for diners?
Shiraz Restaurant does not have vegetarian friendly options.
Do you have free wifi at The Gandhi?
The Gandhi does not offer free wifi.
Does The Gandhi Restaurant have high chairs for babies?
The Ganhdi does not offer high chairs for babies.
Do you have live music?
Live music is not being offered at The Gandhi.
Is there outdoor seating at The Gandhi?
No, The Gandhi does not have outdoor seating.
Do you have free parking?
Yes, there is parking available at The Gandhi.
Is The Gandhi wheelchair accessible?
The Gandhi is not wheelchair accessible.
Can I bring my own alcohol to The Ghandi?
BYOB is not allowed at The Ghandi.
Can I pay with a credit card?
The Gandhi accepts credit cards for payment.
Will The Gandhi deliver my order?
The Gandhi does not deliver.
Does The Gandhi accept reservations?
No, The Gandhi doesn't accept reservations.
Does The Gandhi serve beer or wine?
The Gandhi does not serve alcohol.
Can I get take out from The Gandhi?
The Gandhi does not offer take-out ordering.
Do you have any gluten free options available?
There are no gluten free options.
Does this site have any halal food?
The Gandhi does not have halal options.
Do you have a vegetarian menu?
The Gandhi does not have vegetarian friendly options.
Is this restaurant sit-down only or can I get food to go?
Yes, take out is available at Golden House.
Is there wheelchair access?
There is no wheelchair access at the Golden House.
Hello.  I have a question.  Could we bring our own liquor to the restaurant?
BYOB is not possible at Golden House.
Do you accept cash only?
Payment options at Golden House include credit cards.
Do you offer delivery?
The Golden House does not offer delivery service.
Can I make a reservation at Golden House?
We don't take reservations at that time.
Do you serve alcohol?
Golden House does not serve alcohol.
Do you have gluten free options?
GOLDEN HOUSE does not currently offer any gluten free options.
Does Golden House offer any Halal options?
There are no halal options.
Do you have vegan friendly options?
Golden House does not have vegetarian friendly options available.
Is there free wifi at the Golden House?
There is not free WiFi at the Golden House.
Do you provide high chairs?
The Golden House does not have any high chairs available.
Does the Golden House have live music?
No live music is offered at the Golden House.
Do you have any outdoor seating available?
The Golden House has no outdoor seats.
Is parking available at Golden House?
Parking is available at Golden House.
Does Saffron Brasserie serve liquor?
There is a full range of liquors available.
Can I order food to go?
Yes, the restaurant offers take-out.
Do you have anything gluten free on your menu?
The Saffron Brasserie has gluten free options.
Do you have menu choices for vegetarians?
Yes, this restaurant is friendly to vegetarians.
Do you accept reservations?
The restaurant accepts reservations.
Do you have wheelchair accessibility at your restaurant?
Saffron Brasserie is wheelchair accessible.
Do you have any Halal options offered?
Saffron Brasserie offers halal options.
Does this location offer delivery?
Yes, Saffron Brasserie offers delivery.
Do you offer free wifi?
Saffron Brasserie does not offer free WiFi.
Do you have high chairs?
Highchairs are not available
Does Saffron Brasserie have live music?
No it does not offer live music.
Do you have outdoor seating/
No, Saffron Brasserie does not have outdoor seating.
IS there parking?
Validated Parking, Street Parking, Free Off-Street Parking is available at Saffron Brasserie.
Do you do BYOB?
No possibility of BYOB at the Saffron Brasserie.
What kind of payment do you accept?
The Saffron Brasserie accepts Mastercard, Visa and American Express.
Do you have vegetarian friendly options?
Vegetarian foods are available at ALI BABA.
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Ali Baba does not offer free wi-fi at this time.
Does Ali Baba have high chairs?
There are no high chairs.
Is there live music at Ali Baba?
There is no live music available.
Is there any outdoor seating at Ali Baba?
Ali Baba does not offer outdoor seating.
Does Ali Baba offer parking?
Ali Baba has free off-street parking.
Are you wheelchair accessible?
Ali Baba does not have wheel chair accessibility.
Do you have a BYOB policy here?
There is a no BYOB policy at Ali Baba.
What form of payment do you accept?
Credit cards are the only acceptable payment option.
Does Ali Baba offer delivery service?
Ali Baba does not offer delivery service.
Does the ALI BABA take reservations?.
Ali Baba does not currently take reservations.
Does the ALI BABA  serve Alcohol?
Ali Baba does not serve alcohol.
Does this site offer takeout ordering service?
Ali Baba does not offer take-out ordering.
Does this site have any gluten food?
Ali Baba does not have gluten free options.
What are your halal options?
ALI BABA does not have halal options.
Can you take a reservation?
Yes, this restaurant takes reservations.
What type of credit cards are accepted here?
Sesame Restaurant and Bar accepts American Express, Mastercard, Visa, Digital Payments and Credit Cards.
Do you have free wifi?
No, Sesame Restaurant and Bar does not have free WiFi.
Do you have high chairs?
High chairs are not available.
Do you have live music?
Sesame Restaurant and Bar does not have live music.
Is there outdoor seating?
There is no outdoor seating.
Does  SESAME RESTAURANT AND BAR have parking?
We offer free off-street parking at our restaurant.
Is Sesame Restaurant and Bar wheelchair accessible?
Sesame Restaurant and Bar is not wheelchair accessible.
Do you have BYOB?
Byob is not available at Sesame Restaurant and Bar.
Does the Sesame Restaurant offer delivery?
The Sesame Restaurant and Bar does not offer delivery service.
Hello.  What time do you begin serving alcohol?
SESAME RESTAURANT AND BAR does not serve alcohol.
Do you offer take out?
No take-out from the Sesame Restaurant and Bar.
Does  SESAME RESTAURANT AND BAR have gluten free food?
SESAME RESTAURANT AND BAR does not have gluten free options.
Does Sesame Restaurant and Bar offer halal options?
Sesame Restaurant and Bar does not have halal options.
If I'm a vegetarian, will you have menu options for me?
Unfortunately, the Sesame Restaurant and Bar does not have vegetarian menu options.
I am going to be coming with a wheelchair, is the property handicap friendly?
Yes, Loch Fyne is wheelchair accessible.
Do you have vegetarian options?
Yes, it is a vegeterian friendly restaurant.
Does Loch Fyne serve alcohol?
Loch Fyne serves alcohol.
Do you have high chairs available for babies?
Loch Fyne has high chairs.
Can I make a payment by credit card?
Loch Fyne accepts all major credit cards.
Do you take reservations?
LOCK FYNE does take reservations.
Are there gluten free options available?
Yes, there are gluten free options.
Is there wifi?
Loch Fyne does not offer free Wi-Fi at this time.
Do you have live music?
Loch Fyne does not offer live music.
Do you have outdoor seating?
Loch Fyne does not offer outdoor seating at this time.
Do you have a parking lot for customers?
There is free off-street parking.
Can you BYOB at Loch Fyne?
BYOB is not allowed at Loch Fyne.
Does Loch Fyne offer delivery?
Loch Fyne does not offer delivery service.
Does the loch fyne have take out?
There is no take-out option.
Do you have Halal options?
No, Loch Fyne doesn't offer any halal options.
Do you have gluten free items?
Yes, Fitzbillies has gluten free options.
Can I use my wheelchair there?
Yes, this restaurant is accessible with wheelchairs.
Do you have a vegetarian menu?
Yes, this restaurant offers vegetarian menus.
Are high chairs available at Alimentum?
Yes, high chairs are available at Alimentum.
Do you accept credit or debit cards?
Major credit cards are accepted at Fitzbillies Restaurant.
Does Fitzbillies offer takeout?
Takeout orders are accepted at Fitzbillies Restaurant.
is delivery service available?
Delivery service is not available.
Do you take reservations?
Fitzbillies doesn't take reservations.
Do you guys serve alcohol there?
Fitzbillies Restaurant does not serve alcohol.
Do you offer any halal menu options?
There are no halal options in its' menu here.
Is WiFi free at  FITZBILLIES RESTAURANT?
WiFi is not free at Fitzbillies Restaurant.
Do you have live music?
There is no live music at Fitzbillies.
Does FITZBILLIES RESTAURANT have outdoor seating available?
Outdoor seating is available.
What are your parking options?
Parking is available at Fitzbillies Restaurant.
Does the FITZBILLIES RESTAURANT allow BYOB option to their guests?
BYOB is not allowed at Fitzbillies Restaurant.
Does Dojo Noodle Bar take reservations?
This restaurant takes reservations.
Can I get a delivery?
Dojo Noodle Bar offers delivery.
Do you have free wifi at DOJO NOODLE BAR?
No, there is no free wifi at DOJO NOODLE BAR.
Do you have high chairs for babies?
Dojo Noodle Bar does not have high chairs available for babies.
DO you have live music?
There is no live music at Dojo Noodle Bar.
Do you have outdoor seating?
Outdoor seating is not available.
Is parking available at the Dojo Noodle Bar?
Parking is available at Dojo Noodle Bar.
is Dojo Noodle Bar wheelchair accessible?
Dojo Noodle Bar is not wheelchair accessible.
Do you have BYOB?
No, Dojo Noodle Bar doesn't offer BYOB.
Do you accept credit?
Dojo Noodle Bar accepts credit cards.
Do you serve alcohol?
The Dojo Noodle Bar does not serve alcohol.
Do you have take out available?
No, Dojo Noodle Bar does not offer take-out ordering.
What kind of gluten options are avaiable?
Dojo Noodle Bar does not have gluten free options.
Do you have halal?
Dojo Noodle Bar does not have any halal options.
Does Dojo Noodle Bar have any vegetarian friendly options?
We don't offer vegetarian friendly options here.
Do you accept credit cards?
The Copper Kettle accepts major credit cards.
Does your restaurant accept reservations?
Yes, this restaurant takes reservations.
Can I get my wheelchair up to your building and inside as well?
Yes, the Copper Kettle is wheelchair accessible.
Are highchairs provided there?
Yes highchairs are available at The Copper Kettle
Does your restaurant serve alcohol drinks?
Yes, alcohol is available there.
Do you offer vegetarian entrees on your menu?
Yes, there are vegetarian options.
Does your menu include gluten free items?
Yes, there are gluten free options.
Is outdoor seat available in The Copper Kettle?
Yes, The Copper Kettle has both indoor and outdoor seats.
Do you have free WIFI?
Yes, enjoy the free WiFi at The Copper Kettle.
Is there live music at The Copper Kettle?
The Copper Kettle does not offer live music.
What kind of parking does The Copper Kettle have?
Only street parking is offered at The Copper Kettle.
Are we allowed to bring our own bottle?
No, BYOB is not possible at The Copper Kettle.
Does The Copper Kettle Deliver?
delivery service is not available at THE COPPER KETTLE.
Does The Copper Kettle offer take-out ordering?
No, the Copper Kettle does not offer take-out ordering.
Does THE COPPER KETTLE offer halal options?
There are no Halal options at The Copper Kettle.
Do you have options for a gluten free diet?
Yes, gluten free options are available.
Is your location wheelchair accessible?
Michaelhouse Cafe is wheelchair accessible.
Do you offer take out?
Yes, this cafe offers take out.
Are highchairs provided there?
Yes MichaelHouse Cafe has high chairs available.
Are vegetarian options on the menu at Michaelhouse Cafe?
Michaelhouse Cafe has several vegetarian options.
Does Michaelhouse Cafe offer outdoor seating?
Yes, Michaelhouse Cafe has both indoor and outdoor seating.
Do you serve alcohol?
Michaelhouse Cafe does not serve any alcohol.
Does Michaelhouse Cafe serve halal foods?
Halal foods aren't available at MICHAELHOUSE CAFE.
Does Michaelhouse Cafe have free wifi?
Yes, they have free Wifi.
Does the MICHAELHOUSE CAFE have live music?
The Michaelhouse Cafe does not offer live music.
What are your parking options?
Michaelhouse Cafe has validated parking, street parking and off street parking available.
Does Michaelhouse Cafe offer BYOB?
BYOB is not possible at Micaelhouse Cafe.
What payment options does Michaelhouse Cafe offer?
Michaelhouse Cafe accepts credit cards.
Does MICHAELHOUSE CAFE have delivery?
Michaelhouse Cafe does not offer delivery.
Can I reserve a table for 5 people at 7 pm tomorrow?
You cannot make a reservation at Michaelhouse Cafe.
Do you offer wifi for customers?
The Ugly Duckling does not have free WiFi available.
Are there high chairs available?
No, there are no high chairs available at THE UGLY DUCKLING.
Do you offer live music?
UGLY DUCKLING doesn't offer live music.
Do you have outdoor seating?
There is no seating outdoors at Ugly Duckling.
What are your parking options?
The Ugly Duckling has free off-street parking.
Are you wheelchair accessible?
Unfortunately the Ugly Duckling is not wheelchair accessible.
Can we bring in our own bottle of wine at the ugly duckling?
You can not bring your own bottle at Ugly Duckling.
Which credit cards does Ugly Duckling accept?
The Ugly Duckling accepts Visa, Mastercard and American Express.
Do you offer delivery?
Ugly Duckling does not offer delivery service.
Do you take reservations?
Reservations are not taken at UGLY DUCKLING.
Is alcohol served at the Ugly Duckling?
Alcohol is not served at this establishment.
Does the ugly duckling have take-out?
There is no take-out ordering at Ugly Duckling.
Does Ugly Duckling have gluten free options?
Ugly Duckling does not have gluten free options.
Does the ugly duckling have halal meals?
The Ugly Duckling does not have halal options.
Does Ugly Duckling have any vegetarian options?
Ugly Duckling doesn't offer anything that is vegeterian friendly.
Do you have free wifi?
There is not free WiFi at the ASK Restaurant.
Do you offer high chairs for children at the tables?
High chairs are not available
Do you have live music tonight?
The restaurant does not have any live music.
Is there outdoor seating?
There is no outdoor seating.
Are there parking options available at this restaurant?
Yes, there is onsite parking at ASK, as well as validated street parking.
Is ASK RESTAURANT wheelchair accessible?
ASK RESTAURANT is not wheelchair accessible.
Can we bring in our own bottle of wine for our event?
Sorry, Unfortunately ASK RESTAURANT does not permit any of their customers to BYOB at this time.
Do you accept credit cards?
Credit Cards can be used as payment methods at Ask Restaurant.
Can I have my order delivered to my office?
Ask Restaurant does not offer delivery services.
Do you take reservations?
You cannot make a reservation at Ask Restaurant.
Does the Ask Restaurant serve Alcohol?
No, Ask Restaurant does not have alcohol.
Does this site offer takeout ordering service?
Ask Restaurant does not offer takeout ordering.
Do you have gluten free options?
Ask Restaraunt does not have gluten free options available.
Do you offer Halal?
No, Ask Restaurant does not offer halal options.
Do you have anything that is vegetarian?
No, there aren't any vegetarian options available at Ask Restaurant.
Does this location have wheelchair accessibility?
Cote Brasserie is wheelchair accessible.
Does Cote have any gluten-free options?
Cote has gluten-free options.
Can I make a reservation?
Yes, Cote takes reservations.
Do you accept credit cards?
Major credit cards are accepted at Cote.
What kind of alcohol beverages do you sell?
Cote serves beer, cider, wine, etc.
Are there vegetarian dishes on the menu at Cote?
Yes, you can find vegetarian options.
Will we be able to eat at a table outside?
The restaurant COTE does not have outdoor seating.
What parking options are available?
Cote offers free off-street parking.
Does Cote allow BYOB?
Cote does not allow BYOB.
Does Cote offer delivery as an option?
COTE does not offer delivery service.
Do you have take-out?
COTE does not offer take-out ordering.
What are COTE's halal options?
COTE does not offer halal options.
Does Cote have free WiFi?
Yes, Cote does offer free WiFi.
Do you have high chairs at Cote?
Cote does not have any high chairs available.
Do you have live music?
There is no Live Music at COTE.
Does the Curry King have vegetarian menu?
Yes, CURRY KING has a vegetarian friendly menu.
Do you offer wifi?
The Curry King does not offer free WiFi.
Do you have high chairs?
Curry King does not have high chairs available for babies.
Is there live music?
Curry King does not offer live music at this time.
Can I make the reservation for an outdoor table?
No, the CURRY KING only has indoor seating.
Is there a place to park at Curry King?
We offer parking at Curry King.
Are you wheelchair accessible?
Curry King is not wheelchair accessible.
Can I bring my own bottle?
Byob is not possible at Curry King.
What form of payment do you accept?
Only major credit cards are accepted here.
Can I place an order for delivery?
Curry King does not offer delivery service.
Does this site take reservation for order?
The Curry King does not take reservations.
Do you serve alcohol?
Curry does not serve alcohol.
Do you offer takeout service?
Curry King does not offer take out, sorry.
Does Curry King have gluten free options?
No gluten free options at the Curry King.
Does CURRY KING offer the halal option?
Curry King does not offer the halal option.
Do you take reservations?
Yes, Anatolia takes reservations.
Do you have free wifi?
There is not free Wifi at Anatolia.
Does Anatolia have high chairs?
Anatolia does not have high chairs available.
Do you have live music?
Anatolia does not offer live music.
Is there outdoor seating at Anatolia?
Anatolia does not have outdoor seating.
Can I park my car here?
Parking is free off-street at ANATOLIA.
Are you wheelchair accessible?
Anatolia is not accessible via a wheelchair.
Do you offer BYOB?
No, BYOB isn't possible at Anatolia.
Can I pay with credit card at anatolia?
Credit cards are offered at Anatolia as a payment option.
Do you offer delivery service?
Anatolia does not offer delivery service.
Do you offer alcohol?
Anatolia is an alcohol free establishment.
Do you do take out?
Takeout ordering is not available at Anatolia.
Does Anatolia offer gluten free options?
Anatolia does not offer any gluten free options.
Do you offer halal?
Anatolia does not offer halal options.
Do you have vegetarian friendly options?
Anatolia does not have vegetarian friendly options.
Does the CAFFE UNO offer Free Wifi?
The Caffe Uno does not offer free WiFi.
Does Caffe Uno have highchairs for babies?
Highchairs for babies are not available at Caffe Uno.
Is there live music at Caffe Uno?
Caffe Uno does not offer live music.
Does the CAFFE UNO have outdoor seating?.
Outdoor seating is not available here.
How many parking options are at the Caffe Uno?
Three different types of parking
Do you offer wheelchair flexibility?
It is not wheelchair accessible.
can i BYOB to caffe uno?
Caffe Uno does not allow BYOB.
What forms of payment can I use to pay for my order?
They only accept credit cards.
Do you offer delivery?
Caffee Uno does not provide delivery service.
Does CAFFE UNO take reservations?
Caffe Uno does not take reservations.
Does the CAFFE UNO  serve Alcohol?
Caffe Uno does not serve alcohol.
Can we order takeout?
Takeout ordering is not available
Is there anything gluten free there?
Caffe Uno doesn't have gluten free options.
Are there any Halal options at Cafe Uno?
Halal options are not available at Cafe Uno.
What are your vegetarian options?
The menu at Caffe Uno does not offer vegetarian friendly options.
Are there vegetarian options on the menu at The Varsity Restaurant?
Varsity has vegetarian friendly options.
Do you offer alcohol?
Yes, alcohol is served at the restaurant.
Does your restaurant take reservations?
Yes, The Varsity Restaurant takes reservations.
Is there proper seating for toddlers at The Varsity Restaurant?
The Varsity Restaurant has high chairs available.
Are there gluten free dishes at your restaurant?
Yes, there are gluten free dishes.
What credit cards do you accept?
Visa and Mastercard are accepted at the Varsity Restaurant.
Does your restaurant offer halal menu options?
The Varsity Restaurant does not offer halal menu options.
Does The Varsity Restaurant offer wifi?
Wifi is available at The Varsity Restaurant.
Do you ever offer live music?
No, there is no live music at THE VARSITY RESTAURANT.
Do you have outdoor seating available?
The Varsity Restaurant does not offer outdoor seating.
Do you have free parking?
The Varsity Restaurant offers validated parking, street parking and off-street parking.
Are you wheelchair friendly?
The Varsity Restaurant is not wheelchair accessible.
Do you allow guests to BYOB?
The Varsity does not allow BYOB.
Does The Varsity Restaurant offer delivery service?
No, The Varsity Restaurant doesn't offer delivery service at that time.
Can I place an order for takeout?
No at this time varsity restaurant does not allow take out
Do you offer to go service?
Yes, Bangkok City takes to-go orders.
Do you take reservations?
Yes, you can book a table at Bangkok City in advance.
Does this location serve alcohol?
Bangkok City serves alcohol.
Do you deliver foods?
Bangkok City offers delivery.
Is there free WiFi at Bangkok City?
Yes, Bangkok City offers free WIFI.
Does Bangkok City have high chairs available?
Bangkok City does not have high chairs available.
Do you have live music playing at your location?
Bangkok City is not a live music venue, not live music is offered.
Is out door seating available at Bangkok City?
Outdoor seating is not available at Bangkok City.
Is there free parking available?
Yes, there is free off-street parking.
Is Bangkok City wheelchair accessible?
Bangkok City does not have wheelchair access.
Do you have BYOB?
BYOB is not available at Bangkok City.
What type of payment method do you accept?
You can pay with Mastercard, Visa, American Express or digital payments.
Are there any gluten free options?
The menu at Bangkok City does not offer gluten free options.
Do you have halal?
Bangkok City does not serve halal food.
Do you have any vegetarian options?
Bangkok City restaurant does not have vegetarian options.
Does La Raza take reservations?
Yes, La Raza takes reservations.
Do you serve more than just soda?
Yes, alcohol is served at La Raza.
Is there any live bands that play here?
Yes, there is live music on some nights.
Do you offer free wifi?
La Raza does not offer free wifi.
Hi there, are there any high chairs at your restaurant?
La Raza does not have high chairs available for babies.
Do you offer outdoor seating?
La Raza does not offer outdoor seating.
Is there free parking?
LA RAZA offers validated parking, street parking, and free off-street parking.
Do you offer wheel chair accessibility?
La Raza is not wheelchair accessible.
Do you allow BYOB?
BYOB is not possible at La Raza.
What types of credit cards do you take?
They accept American Express, Mastercard, and Visa.
Does the LA RAZA have Delivery options?
LA RAZA doesn't offer any kind of delivery service to customers.
Can I place an order for takeout?
LA RAZA does not offer take-out ordering as a service option.
Are there any gluten free options at La Raza?
La Raza does not have gluten free options.
Do you have any halal options?
La Raza does not have halal options.
What are your vegetarian options?
La Raza does not have vegetarian friendly options.
Do you take takeout orders?
Takeout orders are available at The Gardenia.
Is alcohol served at your establishment?
The Gardenia serves alcohol.
Does The Gardenia have vegetarian options?
The Gardenia has vegetarian options.
Do you offer halal substitutions?
The Gardenia restaurant does not have halal options.
Does THE GARDENIA offer Free Wifi?
The Gardenia does not offer free WiFi.
Does THE GARDENIA have high chairs for Babies?
No high chairs are available at the Gardenia.
Does The Gardenia ever have live music?
Live music is not being offered at this time.
Does the THE GARDENIA have outdoor seating?.
The Gardenia does not have outdoor seating.
Where can I park?
The Gardenia offers off street, street, and validated parking.
Is this establishment wheelchair accessible?
THE GARDENIA is not wheelchair accessible.
Does THE GARDENIA allow BYOB option to their guests?
BYOB is not an option at The Gardenia.
What credit cards does The Gardenia accept?
We take Mastercard and Visa.
Do you offer delivery service?
The Gardenia does not offer delivery service.
Do you take reservations?
The Gardenia does not take reservations.
Do you have a gluten free menu?
The Gardenia does not offer any gluten-free menu  options.
Does your restaurant accept reservations?
Yes, tables can be booked at this restaurant.
Does Don Pasquale have take out service?
Yes, you can take out your order from this restaurant.
Are there gluten free options on the menu at Don Pasquale Pizzeria?
There are gluten free options at this restaurant.
Do you have any options for a vegetarian?
You can find vegetarian options at this restaurant.
Are highchairs provided there?
High chairs are available at Don Pasquale Pizzeria.
Will alcohol be served at this location?
Yes, alcohol will be served at Don Pasquale Pizzeria.
Which credit cards do you take?
Don Pasquale Pizzeria accepts American Express, Visa, and Mastercard.
Hello!  Do you have Wifi available for your customers?
Don Pasquale Pizzeria is happy to offer free Wi-Fi.
Do you offer live music?
Don Pasquale Pizzeria does not offer live music.
Do you offer any outdoor seating?
Outdoor seating is not available.
Is parking available at your location?
There is free off-street parking.
Is Don Pasquale Pizzeria wheelchair accessible?
Don Pasquale Pizzeria is not wheelchair accessible at this time.
Do you allow BYOB?
You can't BYOB at Don Pasquale Pizzeria.
Does Don Pasquale Pizzeria offer delivery?
Don Pasquale Pizzeria does not offer delivery services.
Does Don Pasquale Pizzeria have halal options?
Don Pasquale Pizzeria doesn't offer halal options.
Is outdoor seating available?
Yes, there are outdoor seats available.
Do you have vegetarian or vegan options?
Stazione has vegetarian and vegan options.
Does Stazione have gluten free options available?
Stazione has gluten free options.
Do you just have coffee and soda or can I get alcohol with my meal?
Yes, alcohol is served at this place.
Does this restaurant accept reservations?
Stazione Restaurant and Coffee Bar accepts reservations.
What types of credit cards are accepted at Stazione Restaurant and Coffee Bar?
Stazione accepts American Express, Mastercard, and Visa.
Are highchairs provided at your restaurant?
Yes, highchairs are available at Stazione Restaurant and Coffee Bar.
Do you have any live music?
Yes. On Friday and Saturday nights you can listen to live jazz music.
Does Stazione Restaurant and Coffee Bar have free WiFi?
STAZIONE RESTAURANT AND COFFEE BAR does not have free wifi.
What parking services does STAZIONE RESTAURANT AND COFFEE BAR offer?
Validated Parking, Street Parking, Free Off-Street Parking are all available.
Is this site wheelchair accessible?
Stazione Restaurant and Coffee Bar is not wheelchair accessible.
Can I bring my own beer to Stazione Restaurant and Coffee Bar?
There is no BYOB allowed at Stazione Restaurant and Coffee Bar, sorry.
Does this site offer delivery service?
Delivery service is not available.
Do you do take out?
Stazione Restaurant and Coffee Bar does not offer take-out ordering.
Does STAZIONE RESTAURANT AND COFFEE BAR offer halal options?
There are no halal options in its' menus.
Does the Jinling Noodle bar have free wifi?
No, free WiFi isn't offered at Jinling Noodle Bar.
Does Jinling Noodle Bar have highchairs for babies?
No, Jingling Noodle Bar does not have high chairs available for babies.
Is there live music at Jinling Noodle Bar?
Jinling Noodle Bar does not offer live music.
Do you have outdoor seating?
There are no outdoor seats at JINGLING NOODLE BAR.
Does the JINGLING NOODLE BAR have parking available for cars?
JINLING NOODLE BAR only has street parking available.
Do you offer wheel chair accessibility?
Jinling Noodle Bar is not accessible by wheelchair.
Is there BYOB offered?
BYOB is not available.
Which payment options do you accept?
The payment methods available at Jinling Noodle Bar are American Express, Mastercard, and Visa.
Do you offer delivery service?
No, Jinling Noodle Bar doesn't offer delivery service.
Can I make a reservation at the Jinling Noodle Bar?
No, Jinling Noodle Bar does not accept reservations.
Do you have alcohol?
There is no alcohol served at Jinling Noodle Bar.
Do you provide takeout orders?
There is currently no take out ordering yet.
Do you have any gluten free options?
Jinling Noodle Bar does not offer gluten free options.
Does Jingling Noodle Bar have halal options?
Jinling Noodle Bar does not have halal options.
Do you offer any vegetarian meals?
Vegetarian friendly options are not available at JINLING NOODLE BAR.
Does your location accept reservations?
Yes, Eraina takes reservations.
Is there live music at Eraina?
Live music is not offered at Eraina.
Does eraina have outdoor seating?
No, Eraina doesn't have any outdoor seating available.
Can you tell me where to park at your restaurant?
Free Off-Street Parking is available at Eraina.
Are you wheelchair accessible?
Restaurant ERAINA is not wheelchair accessible.
Can we bring in our own wine?
BYOB is not available here.
Do you accept Visa?
Eraina accepts Mastercard and Visa as payment.
Do you offer delivery?
No, ERAINA does not offer delivery service for their customers.
Dos Eraina serves alcohol?
Eraina does not serve any alcohol.
Does the ERAINA offer take out ordering?
Eraina does not offer take out ordering.
Do you have a gluten-free menu?
Eraina does not offer gluten free options.
Does Eraina offer halal options?
Eraina does not offer halal options.
Does Eraina have vegetarian options?
Eraina does not offer any vegetarian friendly options.
Is there free WiFi at Eraina?
No ERAINA doesn't offer free WiFi.
Do you have high chairs for our kids?
ERAINA does not offer high chairs for babies.
Are your aisles wide enough to allow the passage of a wheelchair?
Peking Restaurant is wheelchair accessible.
Do you deliver orders?
Peking Restaurant has delivery services.
Can we order take out from you?
Yes, take-out is available at Peking Restaurant.
Do you take reservations?
Yes, reservations are accepted.
What type of payments are accepted at this location?
Peking Restaurant accepts cash only.
Is there parking available?
Yes. There is street parking available.
Do you have free wifi?
Free WiFi is not available at Peking Restaurant.
Does the Peking Restaurant have high chairs?
There are no high chairs.
Does Peking Restaurant offer live music?
No it does not offer live music.
Do you have any outdoor seating?
Outdoor seating is not available.
Can we provide our own wine?
BYOB is not available at Peking Restaraunt.
do you serve alcohol?
Alcohol is not served.
Are there gluten free items on the menu?
Gluten free options are not available at this time.
Do you offer Halal?
The Peking Restaurant does not have halal options.
Do you have vegetarian options?
Peking Restaurant does not have vegetarian friendly options.
Does La Margherita have high chairs for babies to sit in?
Yes, you can ask for high chairs at La Margherita.
Can I book a reservation online?
La Margherita accepts reservations online.
Do you offer take out food at La Margherita?
La Margherita does offer take-out ordering.
Do you happen to deliver?
La Margherita offers delivery.
Do you serve alcoholic drinks?
La Margherita offers alcohol.
What credit cards are accepted?
La Margherita takes Visa, Mastercard and AMEX.
Do you offer free wifi?
No, LA MARGHERITA does not offer free Wifi.
Is there live music at La Margherita?
La Margherita does not offer live music.
Does La Margherita have outdoor seating?
There is no outdoor seating at La Margherita.
Do you have parking?
There is street parking available at La Margherita.
Is LA MARGHERITA wheelchair accessible?
La Margherita is not wheelchair accessible.
Does La Margherita allow people to Bring Your Own Bottle?
No, BYOB is not available at La Margherita.
Do you have gluten free options?
La Margherita does not offer gluten free options at this time.
Do you have any Halal options available?
La Margherita does not have any Halal options available.
Does la margherita have vegetarian pizzas?
La Margherita currently does not offer any Vegeterian options.
Can I bring in my own bottle of wine?
Thanh Binh offers BYOB.
Does your menu have any vegetarian options?
Yes, Thanh Binh has vegetarian friendly options.
What kind of gluten free choice restaurant offers?
Thanh Binh has gluten free choices, like pasta, pancakes, fries and bread.
Does THANH BINH serve alcohol?
Thanh Binh does not serve alcohol.
Do you offer take out?
Thanh Binh does not offer take-out ordering.
Are there any halal options on your menu?
Thanh Binh does not offer halal options.
Does Thanh Binh have free WiFi?
Thanh Binh doesn't have free WiFi.
Does Thanh Binh have high chairs available for babies?
Thanh Binh does not have high chairs availible for babies.
Does Thanh Binh have live music?
Thanh Binh does not have live music.
Do you have patio seating?
Outdoor seats are not offered by THANH BINH.
Can I park on the street?
Street parking is available at Thanh Binh.
Is Thanh Binh wheelchair accessible?
There is no wheelchair access.
Which credit cards do you accept?
We accept American Express, MasterCard, and Visa.
Does the Thanh Binh deliver?
Thanh Binh does not offer delivery service.
Can I make a reservation for 5 on Saturday?
THANH BINH does not take reservations.
Is Cocum dine-in only, or can I get something to go?
Yes, Cocum accepts take-out orders.
Does Cocum serve alcoholic drinks?
Cocum serves alcohol drinks.
Does Cocum deliver foods?
Cocum does have delivery.
Does Cocum have vegetarian items on the menu?
Cocum is vegetarian friendly.
Is there any gluten free option on the menu?
Cocum is gluten free friendly.
Does Cocum accept reservations?
Cocum does take reservations.
Does COCUM have free WiFi?
Free WIFI is not offered by COCUM.
Does Cocum have high scharis?
Cocum does not have highchairs availble for babies.
Is there live musical entertainment at Cocum?
Live music is not being offered at this time.
Do you have outdoor seating?
Cocum does not offer outdoor seating.
Do you have parking on-site?
Yes, you can park at Cocum.
Is COCUM wheelchair accessible?
Cocum is not wheelchair accessible.
Does Cocum allow you to bring your own bottle?
You can not bring your own bottle at Cocum.
Do you accept credit?
Cocum will accept credit cards for payment.
Do you have halal?
The Menu at COCUM does not have halal options.
Is there alcohol served in the restaurant?
Maharajah Tandoori Restaurant has a full bar with alcoholic drinks.
Is delivery available?
Yes, Maharajah Tandoori Restaurant has delivery options.
Does the Maharajah Tandoori Restaurant take reservations?
Maharajah Tandoori Restaurant takes reservations.
Does your restaurant have any vegetarian options?
Yes, Maharajah Tandoori Restaurant has vegetarian options.
Is take-out available there?
Yes, takeout is available at Maharajah Tandoori Restaurant.
Do you have wifi at your restaurant?
No, MAHARAJAH TANDOORI RESTAURANT does not offer free wifi.
Does Maharajah Tandoori Restaurant offer high chairs?
MAHARAJAH TANDOORI RESTAURANT does not offer high chairs.
Do you have live music?
MAHARAJAH TANDOORI RESTAURANT does not offer any kind of live music at this time.
Is there outdoor seating available at Maharajah Tandoori Restaurant?
Maharajah Tandoori does not have outdoor seating available.
Do you offer street parking?
There is only street parking.
Is your restaurant wheelchair accessible?
Maharajah Tandoori Restaurant is no considered wheelchair accessible.
Do you have BYOB?
BYOB is not possible at Maharajah Tandoori Restaurant.
Does MAHARAJAH TANDOORI RESTAURANT accept credit cards?
They accept Mastercard and Visa.
Are there gluten free options on the menu?
No, Maharajah Tandoori Restaurant does not have gluten free options available in their menu.
Do you have any halal options?
MAHARAJAH TANDOORI RESTAURANT does not offer halal options.
Does Travellers Rest have gluten free items on the menu?
Travellers Rest has gluten free options.
Can I book a reservation at Travellers Rest?
Travellers Rest does offer reservations.
Do you have outdoor seating?
Yes, outdoor seating is available.
Are vegetarian dishes on the menu at Travellers Rest?
Travellers Rest has a few vegetarian options.
Do you have valet or onsite parking?
Travellers Rest offers parking onsite.
Can you accommodate wheelchairs?
Yes, Travellers Rest is wheelchair accessible.
Does your restaurant have high chairs?
Travellers Best has high chairs.
Do you serve alcohol?
Travellers Rest serves alcohol including a range of craft beers.
Does Travellers Rest accept credit cards?
All major credit cards are accepted at Travellers Rest.
Is there free WiFi at Travellers Rest?
Yes, Travellers Rest has free WiFi.
Do you have any live music?
This facility does not offer live music.
Is Travellers Rest a BYOB establishment?
No, BYOB is not offered at Travellers Rest.
Hello.  Do have delivery service available?
Travellers Rest does not offer delivery service at this time.
Do you do take out?
Travellers Rest does not offer take-out ordering.
Do you offer halal options?
Travellers best does not offer halal options, sorry.
Do you accept credit cards?
The Cambridge Lodge Restaurant accepts Mastercard and Visa.
Does the CAMBRIDGE LODGE RESTAURANT have Delivery options?
Delivery service is not available.
Can I make a reservation for my family?
The restaurant does not accept reservations at this time.
Do you serve alcohol at cambridge lodge restaurant?
Cambridge Lodge Restaurant does not serve alcohol.
Is there take-out service available?
No, Cambridge Lodge Restaurant does not offer take-out ordering service.
Do you offer gluten free options on your menu?
There are no gluten free options.
Does Cambridge Lodge Restaurant offer halal options?
The Cambridge Lodge Restaurant does not have halal options.
Do you have any vegan-friendly options?
The Cambridge Lodge Restaraunt does not have vegan friendly options.
Does CAMBRIDGE LODGE RESTAURANT offer free WiFi?
Cambridge Lodge Restaurant does not offer free WiFi.
Do you have high chairs?
there is no high chairs avaiable here.
When do you have live music?
CAMBRIDGE LODGE RESTAURANT does not offer live music.
Is there any outdoor seating at Cambridge Lodge Restaurant?
AMBRIDGE LODGE RESTAURANT does not have out door seating.
Where is parking at your location?
Cambridge Lodge Restaurant offers free off-street parking.
Is the restaurant wheelchair accessible?
Cambridge Lodge Restaurant is not wheelchair accessible.
Do you offer BYOB?
BYOB is not possible at CAMBRIDGE LODGE RESTAURANT.
Can I make a reservation in advance?
Yes, India House takes reservations in advance.
Is delivery available?
Yes, India House does deliver your orders.
Is there free WIFI?
No, free WiFi is not available.
Are high chairs available at India House?
High chairs are not available here.
Does Indi House offer live music?
India House doe not offer live music.
Do you have outdoor seating?
They do not offer outdoor seating.
What type of parking is available?
Yes, there is parking available at India House.
Do you have wheelchair accessibility?
India house is accessible by wheelchair.
Does INDIA HOUSE allow BYOB?
BYOB isn't possible at INDIA HOUSE.
What payment options does INDIA HOUSE offer?
Payments can be made by credit cards.
Does India House serve alcohol?
Alcohol is not served at this establishment.
Can I order take-out?
INDIA HOUSE does not offer take-out ordering.
Do you have gluten free options?
India House does not offer anything that is gluten free.
Dose India House offer halal options?
India House does not have halal options.
Do you have vegetarian friendly options?
They do not offer vegetarian friendly options.
Do you serve alcohol at the Rice Boat?
Yes, Rice Boat serves alcohol.
Is Rice Boat vegetarian friendly?
Rice Boat has vegetarian friendly options.
Is takeout available there?
Yes, Rice Boat has takeout menus.
I am on a gluten-free diet and wanted to know if you have options for me.
Yes, Rice Boat has gluten-free options.
What payments do you accept?
Rice Boat accepts American Express, Mastercard, and Visa.
Can I make a reservation?
Yes, you can book a table in advance.
Do you have free wifi?
The Rice Boat does not offer free WiFi.
Do you have high chairs for babies at Rice Boat?
High chairs for babies are not available at the Rice Boat.
Is there live music at the Rice Boat?
Rice Boat does not offer live music.
Is there outdoor seating at Rice Boat?
Rice Boat does not have outdoor seating.
Do you have free parking on-site?
Yes, you can park at Rice Boat.
Can I get in with a wheelchair?
The Rice Boat restaurant is not wheelchair accessible.
Does Rice Boat allow BYOB?
Rice Boat does not allow BYOB.
Does Rice Boat have delivery service?
The Rice Boat does not offer delivery service.
Does Rice Boat offer halal options?
Rice Boat does not have the halal option.
Are highchairs provided there?
Yes, you can ask for baby chairs at the restaurant.
Can I take out my order?
Sala Thong offers take-out services.
Does Sala Thong serve alcohol?
Sala Thong serves alcohol.
Do you have any vegetarian dishes?
Sala Thong has vegetarian options.
Does this site have any outdoor seating available?
Outdoor seating is not available.
Do you have free parking?
Sala Thong has free parking available.
Is your location wheelchair accessible?
Sala Thong restaurant is not wheelchair accessible.
Do you have BYOB?
BYOB is not possible at SALA THONG.
What credit cards are accepted at Sala Thong?
All credit cards will be taken by Sala Thong.
Do you have delivery service?
No, Sala Thong does not offer delivery service.
Do you take reseravtions?
Reservations not allowed.
Do you have Gluten free options available?
Gluten free options are not available at this time.
Does Sala Thong have halal options?
SALA THONG does not have halal options.
Do you have free wifi?
Sala Thong does not offer free WiFi.
Does Sala Thong offer live music?
Sala Thong does not offer live music.
Hello, does the Royal Spice offer free WiFi?
Royal Spice does not offer free WiFi.
Do you have high chairs available for babies to sit in?
Royal Spice does not have high chairs available for babies.
Is there live music?
Royal Spice does not offer live music.
Is there outdoor seating at Royal Spice?
Royal Spice does not offer outdoor seating.
Does Royal Spice have free off-street parking?
Royal Spice offers free off-street parking.
Does Royal Spice have wheelchair access?
There is no wheelchair access at Royal Spice.
Is BYOB available at the site?
BYOB is not an option at Royal Spice.
Do you take credit?
Payment options at the Royal Spice include credit cards.
Do you have delivery?
The restaurant does not offer delivery at this time.
Are reservations taken?
Reservations are not taken at Royal Spice.
Do you serve alcohol at Royal Spice?
No, Royal Spice does not serve alcohol.
Do they offer take out ordering?
Royal Spice doe not offer take out ordering.
If I eat gluten free, are there options for me at Royal Spice?
The menu at Royal Spice does not have gluten free options.
Do you have halal?
Royal Spice does not offer any halal options.
Do you have vegan friendly option?
Royal Spice does not have vegetarian friendly options.
Do you have live music?
There is no live music at THE HOTSPOT.
Do you allow outdoor seating?
Outdoor seating is not available.
Do you have parking?
Yes, The Hotpot offers several parking options, including validated and street parking as well as free off-street parking.
Are you wheelchair accessible?
There is no wheelchair access.
Does The Hotpot allow BYOB?
BYOB is not available.
Does The Hotpot take credit cards?
THE HOTPOT accepts credit cards.
Can I get delivery from The Hotpot?
The Hotpot does not offer delivery service.
Can I make reservation at The Hotpot?
The Hotpot does not take reservations.
Does The Hotpot serve alcohol?
The HotPot does not serve alcohol.
Does the THE HOTPOT offer take-out ordering?
The Hotpot does not offer take-out ordering.
Do you have gluten free menu options?
The Hotpot does not have gluten free options.
Do you offer halal meals?
The HOTPOT does not have any halal options.
Does The Hotpot have vegetarian selections?
The Hot Pot does not offer vegetarian friendly options at this time.
Is there free WiFi at The HotPot?
The HotPot does not have free wi-fi available.
Do you have highchairs?
The Hotpot does not have highchairs available.
Do you have seats outside?
Da Vinci does have outside seating.
Can I order food to go?
Da Vinci Pizzeria accepts take out orders.
Do you take reservations?
Yes, Da Vinci Pizzeria takes reservations.
Is your restaurant easy to navigate in a wheelchair?
Da Vinci Pizzeria is wheelchair accessible.
Is there live music at Da Vinci Pizzeria?
Yes, you can enjoy live music at this place.
Do you have high chairs for my toddler?
High chairs are available at Da Vinci Pizzeria.
Do all of your dishes contain meat or fish?
You can order vegetarian dishes at this restaurant.
Do you serve alcoholic beverages?
Yes, the restaurant does serve alcohol.
What types of payments does Da Vinci Pizzeria accept?
Da Vinci Pizzeria accepts Mastercard, Visa, Digital Payments, and other major Credit Cards.
Are there gluten free items on the menu at Da Vinci Pizzeria?
Yes, DA VINCI PIZZERIA has gluten free options in the special diet menu.
Does Da Vinci Pizzeria have free WiFi?
Yes, we have free WiFi at DA VINCI PIZZERIA.
Does Da Vinci Pizzeria have street parking?
There is street parking available.
Does the DA VINCI PIZZERIA have BYOB?
BYOB is not available.
Do you offer delivery service?
The Da Vinci Pizzeria does not offer delivery service.
Do you have halal?
Da Vinci Pizzeria does not have halal options.
Is alcohol served at Hakka?
You can order alcohol at this restaurant.
Are there gluten free option at Hakka?
Hakka has gluten free options.
Does Hakka take reservations?
Yes, Hakka takes reservations.
Is Hakka wheelchair ready?
Hakka is wheelchair accessible.
Which credit cards are accept at HAKKA?
American Express, Mastercard, and Visa are accepted at Hakka.
Does Hakka have vegetarian options?
Haaka has vegeterian friendly options.
Do you offer free wifi at your restaurant?
Hakka does not offer free WiFi.
Do you have high chairs?
High chairs are not available.
Does Hakka have live music?
No, HAKKA does not offer live music.
Does the Hakka have outdoor seating?
Hakka does not have outdoor seating available.
Is there parking at Hakka?
You can park at HAKKA.
Is there BYOP?
BYOP is not possible at HAKKA.
Do you have delivery/
Hakka does not offer delivery service at this time.
does the hakka offer take out?
Hakka does not offer take-out ordering.
Do you have any Halal options available?
No, Hakka has no halal options.
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Saigon City is not wifi accessible.
Does this site have high chair available?
No, there are no high chairs.
Do you have live music?
Live music is not offered by Saigon City.
Does Saigon City have outdoor seating?
There are no outdoor seating at Saigon City.
Can I park my car at the site?
Yes, onsite parking as well as validated street parking is available.
Are you wheelchair accessible?
There is no wheelchair access.
Does this site offer BYOB service?
BYOB is not available at Saigon City.
What forms of payment do you accept?
Saigon City allows American Express, Mastercard and Visa for payment options.
Do you offer delivery?
Delivery service is not available.
Can I make a reservation for tonight?
Saigon City does not take reservations.
Is alcohol serves at Saigon City?
Saigon City does not serve alcohol.
Does Saigon City offer take-out ordering option to its customers?
No, Saigon City doesn't offer a take-out option.
Does this site have any gluten food?
Saigon City does not offer gluten free options.
Do you have any halal options?
Saigon City does no have hala options available.
Does Saigon City have vegetarian options?
No, they don't currently have any vegetarian options on there menu yet.
Does City Stop Restaurant have an outdoor seating area?
The City Stop Restaurant does not have outdoor seating.
Is there free parking?
City Stop Restaurant offers free off street parking.
Does the CITY STOP RESTAURANT have wheelchair accessible?
There is no wheelchair access at City Stop Restaurant.
Can I bring my own beer to City Stop Restaurant?
BYOB is not allowed at City Stop Restaurant.
What kind of payment is accepted?
City Stop Restaurant accepts American Express, Visa, Mastercard and digital payments.
Do you have delivery?
City Stop Restaurant does not offer delivery service.
Does it take resravtions?
City Stop Restaurant does not take reservations.
Does City Stop Restaurant serve alcohol?
Alcohol is not served at City Stop Restaurant.
Is take-out ordering available at City Stop Restaurant?
We don't offer take-out ordering at City Stop Restaurant.
Are there any gluten-free options?
There are no Gluten Free Options at City Stop Restaurant.
Does this site have any halal food?
City Stop Restaurant does not offer halal options.
Do you offer vegetarian options?
CITY STOP RESTAURANT does not offer vegeterian friendly options.
Are there any WiFi at the site?
City Stop Restaurant does not offer free WiFi.
Do you provide high chairs?
No, high chairs for babies are not available at City Stop Restaurant.
Do you have any nights you play live music?
CITY STOP RESTAURANT does not offer live music.
Does Nirala offer take-out?
Yes, Nirala offers take-out ordering.
Does The Nirala offer gluten free options?
Yes, there are gluten free options available.
Is alcohol served at this restaurant?
Yes, alcohol is served at this restaurant.
Is there any Halal option available?
The Nirala offers halal options.
Do you take reservations?
Yes, reservations are accepted.
Is the Nirala handicap accessible?
The Nirala has no stairs so they are wheelchair accessible.
I want to bring my baby with me and was wondering if you have high chairs?
The Nirala has highchairs for babies.
Does this restaurant have vegetarian options?
The restaurant has vegetarian options.
Do you have wifi for customers?
No it does not offer free wifi.
Do you ever have live music?
The Nirala does not offer live music.
Do you have outdoor seating?
The Nirala has no outdoor seating.
Is there parking available at The Nirala?
There is street parking available at The Nirala.
Do you have BYOB?
BYOB is not available at The Nirala.
Do you accept credit cards?
The Nirala accepts credit cards.
Can I order food for delivery?
THE NIRALA does not offer delivery services.
Do you take reservations?
Yes, Restaurant Two Two takes reservations.
Does your menu include any vegetarian options?
This restaurant has options for vegetarians.
Do you take credit cards?
All major credit cards are accepted at Restaurant Two Two.
Does this restaurant offer gluten free options?
Yes, restaurant Two Two offers gluten free options.
Does this restaurant serve any alcohol?
Yes, this restaurant has a Wine and Drinks List.
Does the RESTAURANT TWO TWO offer take-out ordering?
Restaurant TwoTwo does not offer take -out.
Do you have halal?
No Restaurant Two Two does not have halal options.
Does the RESTAURANT TWO TWO. offer Free Wifi?
Restaurant Two Two does not offer free Wi-Fi.
Are there high chairs available at Restaurant Two Two?
RESTAURANT TWO TWO does not have high chairs available.
Do you offer live music?
At this time, Restaurant Two Two does not offer live music.
Do you have outdoor seating?
Restaurant Two Two does not have outdoor seating.
Can I park my car here?
Free off street parking is available at Restaurant Two Two.
Is there any wheel chair accessibility there?
RESTAURANT TWO TWO does not have wheel chair accessibility.
Does Restaurant Two Two let you bring your own bottle?
RESTAURANT TWO TWO does not have BYOB available.
Does Restaurant Two Two offer delivery?
Restaurant Two Two does not offer delivery services.
Does Golden Wok do deliveries?
GOLDEN WOK does deliver your orders.
Are there any vegetarian dishes on the menu?
The Golden Wok has vegetarian options on the menu.
Can I order my meal to go?
Yes, takeout is available at Golden Wok
Do you offer free wifi to customers?
The Golden Wok doesn't have free wifi.
Do you have high chairs?
Golden Wok does not have high chairs available for babies.
Does Golden Wok have live music?
The Golden Wok does not offer live music.
Hello.  Is it possible to sit outside while we eat?
Golden Wok does not have outdoor seating.
What are your parking options?
Yes, Golden Wok has free off street parking, plus street and validated parking.
Are you wheelchair accessible?
Restaurant Golden Wok is not wheelchair accessible.
Is BYOB possible at Golden Wok?
BYOB is not possible at Golden Wok.
Do you accept credit cards?
The payment options available are major credit cards.
Can I make a reservation for 6?
The Golden Wok does not take reservations at this time.
Do you serve alcohol?
The Golden Wok does not serve any alcohol.
Hi I was wondering what gluten free option you have?
Gluten free options are not available at GOLDEN WOK.
Do you have halal options?
No, there are no halal options available.
Can I place a take-out order at Tandoori Palace?
Yes, Tandoori Palace has take-out ordering.
Is there alcohol served at Tandoori Palace?
Tandoori Palace serves alcohol.
Can I make a reservation for a large party?
Tandoori Palace takes reservations.
Are there any option for vegetarians?
Tandoori Palace is vegetarian friendly.
Do you offer wifi?
No, we don't offer free WiFi.
Do you offer high chairs?
Highchairs are not available at Tandoori Palace.
Do you ever have live music?
Live music is not being offered at this time.
Do you have outdoor seating?
Outdoor seating is not available at Tandoori Palace.
Is there parking nearby?
Parking is available at Tandoori Palace.
Is it wheelchair accessible?
Tandoori Palace is not wheelchair accessible.
Can I bring my own bottle at Tandoori Palace?
You can not bring your own bottle at Tandoori Palace.
Do you have credit ?
American Express, MasterCard, and Visa are available payment options here.
Do you have delivery?
Delivery service is not offered at Tandoori Palace.
Do you offer gluten free options at Tandoori Palace?
Tandoori Palace does not have gluten free options.
Do you have hatal options?
Tandoori Palace does not have halal options.
Is it first-come-first-serve or do you take reservations?
Meghna takes reservations.
Do you have vegetarian options?
Meghna is vegetarian friendly.
Can I get my wheelchair to one of your table without trouble?
Meghna is wheelchair accessible.
Can I order off the menu for delivery?
Meghna does offer delivery service.
Do you serve alcohol?
Yes, Meghna has a selection of wines, beers and liquors.
Can I order online for take-out?
Yes, you can order online for take out from this restaurant.
Can you tell me your parking options?
Meghna is happy to offer street, off-street and validated parking.
DO you have BYOB?
Meghan does not offer BYOB.
What forms of payment does Meghna take?
Meghna will take American Express, Mastercard, or Visa.
Do you have gluten free options?
The menu at Meghna does not offer gluten free options.
Do you have many halal options available on the menu?
Meghna does not serve hahal options.
Does the Meghana offer free wifi?
Meghna does not offer free WiFi.
Does the MEGHNA have high chairs for babies?
Meghna does not have high chairs for babies.
Do you have live music?
Meghna does not offer live music at this time.
Do you have outdoor seating?
The Meghna does not have outdoor seating.
Can I get a high chair for my toddler?
Yes, high chairs are available at La Momosa.
Do you serve alcohol?
La Mimosa does serve alcohol.
Do you accepts credit cards?
La Mimosa accepts all major credit cards.
Is there outdoor seating at La Mimosa?
Yes, the restaurant has outdoor seating available.
Do I have to wait in a line or do you take reservations?
Yes, La Mimosa takes reservations.
Does La Mimosa have gluten free options?
La Mimosa has gluten free options.
Do you offer Vegetarian and Vegan options?
Vegetarian and Vegan options are available at La Mimosa.
Is WiFi free at La Mimosa?
WiFi is not free at La Mimosa, sorry.
Does La Mimosa have live music?
La Mimosa does not offer live music.
Do you have parking?
La Mimosa offers validated parking, street parking and free off street parking.
Is La Mimosa wheelchair accessible?
La Mimosa is not wheelchair accessible.
Can you bring your own alcoholic beverages to La Mimosa?
You cannot bring your own alcoholic beverages to La Mimosa.
Do you have delivery?
Ordering delivery is not available at La Mimosa.
Can I get take out from La Mimosa?
La Mimosa does not offer take-out ordering.
Do you have halal?
La Mimosa does not have halal options.
Does the pizza express fen ditton serve alcohol?
Alcohol is not served at this establishment.
Do you offer take-out?
Pizza Express Fen Ditton does not offer take-out ordering.
Do you have gluten free options?
Pizza Express Fen Ditton does not have gluten free options.
What are your halal options?
Pizza Express Fen Ditton does not have halal options.
Do you have a pizza for vegetarians?
Pizs.za Express Fen Ditton does not offer vegetarian friendly option
Do you have free WiFi there?
Pizza Express Fen Ditton does not offer free WiFi.
Do you have high chairs?
No, Pizza Express Fen Ditton does not have high chairs available.
Do you have live music?
Pizza Express Fen Ditton does not offer live music.
Does Pizza Express Fen Ditton have outdoor seating?
There is no outdoor seating available here.
Do you have parking available for patrons?
Free off-street parking is available at Pizza Express Fen Ditton.
I'm bringing a friend in a wheelchair. Is access available?
PIZZA EXPRESS FEN DITTON is not wheelchair accessible.
Am I allowed to bring my own beer to Pizza Express Fen Ditton?
BYOB is not possible at PIZZA EXPRESS FEN DITTON.
What are the payment options at PIZZA EXPRESS FEN DITTON?
Credit cards are accepted for payment at Pizza Express Fen Ditton.
Does the PIZZA EXPRESS FEN DITTON have Delivery options?
Pizza Express Fen Ditton does not deliver.
Does Pizza Express Fen Ditton take reservations?
No, Pizza Express Fen Ditton does not take reservations.
Do you offer wifi?
Curry Prince does not offer free WiFi.
Do you have high chairs?
Curry Prince does not have high chairs available for babies.
What time does the live music start today?
There is no live music at Curry Prince.
Do you have outdoor seating?
Curry Prince does not offer outdoor seating.
Do you have parking?
Validated, off street, and on street parking are all available at Curry Prince.
Is there wheelchair access?
No access via wheelchair at the Curry Prince.
Can we bring our own wine to the Curry Prince?
BYOB is not possible at Curry Prince.
Do you take major credit cards?
Visa and Mastercard are available payment options at Curry Prince.
Do you have delivery?
The Curry Prince does not offer delivery service at this time.
Can I make a reservation for Saturday?
You can't make reservations at Curry Prince.
Does the CURRY PRINCE  serve Alcohol?
Curry Prince does not serve alcohol.
Do you have take out?
Curry Prince does not offer take-out ordering.
Do you have gluten free options?
Curry Prince does not offer gluten free options.
Do you guys offer halal options?
The Curry Prince does not offer halal options.
Does CURRY PRINCE is vegetarian friendly option?
The options at Curry Prince are not vegetarian friendly.
Does Grafton Hotel Restaurant have any Halal options?
The Grafton Hotel Restaurant does not have halal options.
Hi I was wondering what types of vegetarian options you have on your menu?
Grafton Hotel Restaurant does not have vegetarian friendly options.
Do you have free WiFi?
There is no free WiFi at the Grafton Hotel Restaurant.
Do you have high chairs?
High chairs are not available.
Do you have live music?
Grafton Hotel Restaurant does not offer live music.
Do you have outdoor seating/
There is no outdoor seating.
Can you tell me where to park at your location?
Grafton Hotel Restaurant has street parking available.
Is your location wheelchair accessible?
GRAFTON HOTEL RESTAURANT is not wheelchair accessible.
Can we bring our own bottle of wine to enjoy with dinner at the Grafton Hotel Restaurant?
Byob is not possible at Grafton Hotel Restaurant.
Do you accept credit?
Grafton Hotel Restaurant accepts American Express, Mastercard and Visa for payment options.
Does the Grafton Hotel Restaurant offer delivery service?
The Grafton Hotel Restaurant does not offer delivery service.
Does Grafton Hotel Restaurant accept reservations?
The restaurant does not accept reservations.
Do you serve alcohoL?
GRAFTON HOTEL RESTAURANT  does not serve alcohol.
Does GRAFTON HOTEL RESTAURANT offer take-out ordering?
The Grafton Hotel Restaurant does not offer take-out ordering.
Do you have gluten free options?
The GRAFTON HOTEL RESTAURANT does not offer any gluten free options.
Do you serve alcohol?
Yes, this restaurant has alcohol menu.
Do you offer any vegetarian dishes?
Pipasha Restaurant is vegetarian friendly.
Is there parking available at Pipasha Restaurant?
Pipasha has a parking lot.
Does your restaurant feature gluten-free dishes?
This restaurant offers gluten free options.
Does your restaurant accept reservations?
Yes, you can make reservations for this restaurant.
Are there high chairs for babies at Pipasha Restaurant?
Yes, high chairs are available at Pipasha Restaurant.
Can I do take out?
Yes, Pipasha Restaurant has well-reviewed take out service.
Does this restaurant accept all credit cards?
This restaurant accepts American Express, Mastercard, and Visa.
Does Pipasha Restaurant offer wifi?
Pipasha Restaurant does off free WiFI.
Do you guys have live music on the weekends?
Pipasha Restaurant does not offer live music.
Do you offer indoor and outdoor seating?
Outdoor seating is not available at Pipasha Restaurant.
Does Pipasha Restaurant have a wheelchair ramp?
PIPASHA RESTAURANT is not wheelchair accessible.
Does the Pipasha Restaurant allow BYOB option to their guests?
BYOB is not allowed at Pipasha Restaurant.
Do you deliver?
Pipasha Restaurant does not offer delivery service.
Do you offer halal options?
Pipasha Restaurant does not offer halal options.
Do you provide wifi?
There is no free WiFi at Yu Garden.
Do you have high chairs?
No, Yu Garden doesn't have high chairs.
Do you play live music?
Live music isn't offered at Yu Garden.
Do you have indoor and outdoor seating?
YU GARDEN does not offer outdoor seating.
Can I park my car at the site?
Free off street parking is available at Yu garden.
DO you have wheel chair accessibility?
There is no wheelchair accessibility at YU GARDEN.
May we bring in our own beverages?
BYOB is not allowed at YU GARDEN.
Do you accept credit?
Credit cards are accepted at Yu Garden.
Do you offer delivery service?
Yu Garden does not offer delivery service.
Is there reseravtions taken?
Yu Garden does not take reservations.
Does Yu Garden serve alcohol?
The YU GARDEN does not offer any alcohol.
Do you ahve take out?
Yu Garden does not offer take-out service.
Are there any gluten free options on your menu?
The Yu Garden does not offer gluten free options.
Does YU GARDEN offer halal options?
Yu Garden does not over halal options.
Are there any vegetarian meals at yu garden?
Yu Garden does not offer vegetarian friendly options at this time.
Is there free WiFi at Rajmahal?
Rajmahal offers free WiFi.
Do you have high chairs available?
Rajmahal does not have highchairs available for babies.
Do you have live music?
No, live music is not offered at Rajmahal.
Is there outdoor seating at Rajmahal for diners?
Rajmahal does not have any outdoor seats.
What type of parking is available?
Free off-street parking is available at Rajmahal.
Does Rajmahal offer wheelchair access?
Rajmahal is not wheelchair accessible.
Do you allow your guests to BYOB?
Rajmahal does not offer BYOB as a policy option.
Can I pay with cash?
Rajmahal only takes major credit cards.
Do you provide delivery service?
Rajmahal does not offer delivery service.
Does the RAJMAHAL take reservations?.
No, reservations are not taken.
Does Rajmahal serve alcohol?
No, Rajmahal does not serve alcohol.
Does Rajmahal offer takeout orders?
Rajmahal does not offer takeout ordering.
Does this site have any gluten food?
Gluten free options are not available at Rajmahal.
Are there any Halal options at Rajmahal?
Halal options are not offered at Rajmahal.
Does Rajmahal offer vegetarian food?
Rajmahal does not have vegetarian friendly options.
Does Pizza Hut Fen Ditton have parking available?
Pizza Hut Fen Ditton does offer parking.
Are you a wheel chair accessible restaurant?
Pizza Hut Fen Ditton is not wheelchair accessible.
Can you bring your own alcohol to Pizza Hut Fen Ditton?
You cannot bring your own alcohol with you to pizza Hut Fen Ditton.
Do you offer credit?
Pizza Hut Fen Ditton accepts credit cards as form of payment.
Does this site offer delivery service?
Pizza Hut Fen Ditton does not offer delivery as a service option.
Do you accept reservations?
No, the Pizza Hut does not accept reservations.
Does this site offer alcohol to customers?
Pizza Hut Fen Ditton does not serve alcohol.
Does Pizza Hut Fen Ditton offer take-out ordering?
Pizza Hut Fen Ditton doesn't offer take-out ordering.
Do you have gluten free menu options?
There are no gluten free options at Pizza Hut Fen Ditton, sorry.
Do you offer halal options?
Pizza Hut Fen Ditton has no halal options.
Do you have vegetarian options?
No vegetarian options are available.
Do you have free wifi?
Free WiFi is not available at PIZZA HUT FEN DITTON.
Will there be a high chair available for my baby at Pizza Hut Fen Ditton?
No, there are no high chairs available at Pizza Hut Fen Ditton.
Do you offer live music?
No, Pizza Hut Fen Ditton does no offer live music.
Do you have any outdoor seating?
Outdoor seating is not available at Pizza Hut Fen Ditton.
Do you take reservations?
Yes, Zizzi Cambridge takes reservations.
Are there high chairs available for babies at Zizzi Cambridge?
There are high chairs available for babies.
What type of payment methods do you accept?
You are able to pay with cash and major credit cards.
Are gluten free options offered there?
Yes, Zizzi Cambridge offers gluten free options.
Can I pick up my take-out order from your restaurant?
Zizzi Cambridge offers take-out.
Do you have alcoholic beverages?
The restaurant does serve alcohol.
Do you offer vegetarian options?
Zizzi Cambridge is vegetarian friendly.
Do you have wifi?
The Zizzi Cambridge is pleased to offer you free WiFi.
Do you guys offer live music on weekends?
There is no live music.
Do you provide any outdoor seating?
Zizzi Cambridge does not offer outdoor seating.
Do you offer off-street parking?
Zizzi Cambridge offers free off-street parking.
Is your establishment wheelchair accessible?
No wheelchair access is available.
Is there BYOB?
No, BYOB is not possible at Zizzi Cambridge.
Does Zizzi Cambridge deliver?
Delivery service is not available from Zizzi Cambridge.
Do you offer halal options?
ZIZZI CAMBRIDGE does not have halal options.
Does your establishment offer free WiFi?
The Missing Sock does not offer free WiFi.
Do you have high chairs?
There are no high chairs available at THE MISSING SOCK.
Do you have live music?
The Missing Sock does not have live music.
Do you offer outdoor seating?
The Missing Sock does not have any outdoor seating.
Is there anywhere to park at The Missing Sock?
Parking is offered at The Missing Rock.
Is this location wheelchair accessible?
THE MISSING SOCK is not wheelchair accessible.
Do you have BYOB offers?
BYOB is not possible at The Missing Sock.
Do you accept credit cards?
The Missing Sock accepts credit cards.
does the missing sock have delivery?
The Missing Sock does not offer delivery services.
Do you accept reservations?
The Missing Sock does not take reservations.
Does The Missing Sock serve alcohol?
Alcohol is not served here.
Does this site offer takeout ordering service?
The Missing Sock does not offer take-out at this time.
Do you have gluten free options?
Gluten free food is not available at The Missing Sock.
Does The Missing Sock have halal options?
The Missing sock does not offer halal options.
Does The Missing Sock offer vegetarian options?
No, there are no vegetarian options at THE MISSING SOCK.
Do you have free WiFi?
THE COW PIZZA KITCHEN AND BAR does not offer free WiFi.
Does The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar have highchairs?
Highchairs are not available at The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar.
What time of day is there live music?
The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar does not offer live music.
Do you have outdoor seating?
There are no outdoor seats at The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar.
Can I park my car at The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar?
Parking is available at The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar.
Is The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar wheelchair accessible?
The Cow is not wheelchair accessible.
Can I bring my own beer to The cow pizza Kitchen and Bar?
The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar does not allow BYOB.
What credit cards do you accept?
Visa, Mastercard, and American Express are available payment options.
Does THE COW PIZZA KITCHEN AND BAR offer delivery service to their customers?
The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar does not offer delivery service.
Do you take reservations?
Reservations are not taken at the Cow.
Do you have a beer and wine list?
Alcohol is not available for order at The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar.
Do you have takeout ordering?
Takeout ordering is not offered at The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar.
Does THE COW PIZZA KITCHEN AND BAR offer gluten free options?
The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar does not offer gluten free options.
Does THE COW PIZZA KITCHEN AND BAR have halal options on their menu?
There is no halal option at THE COW PIZZA KITCHEN AND BAR.
Are there any vegetarian options there?
THE COW PIZZA KITCHEN AND BAR does not have vegetarian friendly options.
Are dogs allowed at A Desi Cafe?
No, dogs are not allowed at A Desi Cafe.
Are wheelchairs able to be there?
A Desi Cafe is wheelchair accessible
Can I make an order for delivery?
Yes, A Desi Cafe offers delivery service.
Can we dine outside at A Desi Cafe?
A Desi Cafe does not have outdoor seating available.
Do they serve alcohol ?
A Desi Cafe serves alcohol
Does A Desi Cafe accept reservations?
No, this restaurant doesn't accept reservations.
Does A Desi Cafe have WiFi?
A Desi Cafe does not have WiFi.
Does A Desi Cafe have bike parking?
Yes, there is bike parking offer at A Desi Cafe.
Does A Desi Cafe offer happy hour?
No, A Desi Cafe does not offer happy hour.
How would you describe the noise level?
A Desi Cafe has a normal noise level.
Is A Desi Cafe good for groups?
A Desi Cafe is good for groups.
Is A Desi Cafe good for kids?
Yes, this facility is good for kids.
Is Apple Pay accepted there?
Apple Pay is not accepted at A Desi Cafe.
Is Google Pay accepted at A Desi Cafe?
Google pay is not accepted at A Desi Cafe.
Is parking available at A Desi Cafe?
Street parking is available at A Desi Cafe.
Is take out available at A Desi Cafe?
Take-out is available at A Desi Cafe.
Is there a TV at A Desi Cafe?
A Desi Cafe has a TV on site.
What is the dining atmosphere?
The ambience of A Desi Cafe is casual.
What payment methods do A Desi Cafe accept?
All forms of payment are accepted.
Are groups allowed?
A La Turca Restaurant is good for groups.
Can I bring my dog?
A La Turca Restaurant does not allow dogs.
Can I park my bike at A La Turca Restaurant?
Bike parking is not available at A La Turca Restaurant.
Do you accept Apple Pay?
A La Turca does not accept Apple Pay.
Do you take reservations there?
Yes, A La Turca Restaurant takes reservations.
Does A La Truce Restaurant have TV?
This restaurant does have TV.
Does A La Turca Restaurant have outdoor seating?
A La Turca Restaurant does have outdoor seats.
Does A La Turca Restaurant offer delivery service?
Yes A La Turca Restaurant offers delivery service.
Does A La Turca Restaurant offer happy hour?
A La Turca Restaurant does not offer happy hour.
Does A La Turca Restaurant offer take out?
A La Truce Restaurant offers take-out ordering.
Does the restaurant accept credit cards?
This restaurant accepts credit cards.
How noisy is it at A La Turca?
A La Turca restaurant has an average noise level.
Is A LA Turca Restaurant good for children?
Yes, A La Turca Restaurant is good for kids.
Is there WiFi at  A La Turca Restaurant?
Unfortunately, this restaurant does not have WiFi.
Is there a specific dress code at A La Turca Restaurant?
There is no dress code at A La Turca Restaurant.
Is there parking at A La Turca Restaurant?
Parking is available on the street or in a garage.
Is there wheelchair access here?
Yes, this hotel is wheelchair accessible.
What alcohol do you guys serve?
A La Turca Restaurant serve beer and wine only.
What's the atmosphere like in your restaurant?
The ambience of A La Turca Restaurant is casual and classy.
Are you wheelchair accessible?
A Mano is wheelchair accessible.
Can I bring my dog to A Mano?
Yes, dogs are allowed at A Mano.
Can I use Google Pay at A Mano?
A Mano does not accept Google Pay
Can I watch tv there?
A Mano does not have a TV.
Do I need an appointment first?
No, A Mano is not by appointment only.
Does A Mano offer delivery?
A Mano does not offer delivery service.
Does the A Mano take reservations?.
No, this restaurant doesn't accept reservations.
Hey can you tell me if you guys offer outdoor seating options?
Yes, there is outdoor seating.
Is A Mano good for groups?
Yes, A Mano is good for groups.
Is Apple Pay taken at A Mano?
A Mano does not accept Apple Pay.
Is WiFi available at A Mano?
WiFi is not available at this restaurant.
Is alcohol served at A Mano?
A Mano serves alcohol in its cocktail bar.
Is it quiet at AnMano?
It is loud at A Mano.
Is take out possible at A Mano?
A Mano does not offer takeout.
Is there a happy hour available there?
A Mano does not offer a happy hour.
Is there park biking at A Mano?
Yes, you can park a bike here.
Is this a good place to come with my kids?
A Mano is good for kids.
What is offered at A Mano?
No, this is a no-smoking establishment.
What is the ambience like here?
A Mano has a casual, trendy and classy ambience.
Where should I park?
A Mano has street parking.
what is the dress code at A Mano?
No there is no dress code at A Mano
Are dogs allowed at Aha Fresh?
Dogs are allowed at Aha Fresh.
Can I get alcohol at Aha Fresh?
Aha Fresh serves alcoholic beer and wine only.
Can I order takeout at Aha Fresh?
Aha Fresh offers take out ordering.
Can I park my bike at Aha Fresh?
Bike parking is available at Aha Fresh.
Do all of the dishes have meat in them?
Aha Fresh has vegetarian friendly options.
Do you accept Apple Pay?
Yes, Aha Fresh accepts Apple Pay.
Do you guys have TVs?
They do not have any TVs available.
Do you have vegan options available?
Aha Fresh has vegan options.
Does Aha Fresh accommodate groups?
Aha Fresh is not good for groups.
Does Aha Fresh have happy hour?
Aha Fresh does not have happy hour.
Does Aha Fresh have high chairs?
Yes, Aha Fresh has high chairs.
Does Aha Fresh have take out and a drive thru?
Aha Fresh does not have a drive thru.
Does Aha Fresh include free wi-fi?
No, free wi-fi is not available within the amenities sub section.
Hey, are you guys a good option for kids?
Aha Fresh is good for kids.
I'd like to make a reservation for this evening please?
Unfortunately this restaurant does not take reservations.
Is Google Pay accepted at Aha Fresh?
Yes, Google Pay is accepted at Aha Fresh.
Is delivery possible at Aha Fresh?
No, Aha Fresh doesn't offer delivery.
Is there outdoor eating available?
Outdoor eating is available at Aha Fresh.
Is your restaurant wheelchair accessible?
Yes, Aha Fresh is wheelchair accessible.
What is parking like there?
Street parking is available at this facility.
What is the noise level at Aha Fresh?
The noise level at Aha Fresh is average.
What payment options are accepted at this restaurant?
This facility accepts cash, credit cards, and Google Pay.
Whats the ambience like there?
The ambience of Aha Fresh is casual.
Are dogs allowed there?
Dogs are not allowed at Alamo Square Seafood Grill.
Can I park my bike at Alamo Square Seafood Grill?
You can park your bike at Alamo Square Seafood Grill.
Do they offer takeout orders?
Yes they offer takeout ordering
Do you offer delivery?
Alamo Square Seafood Grill does not offer delivery service.
Do you offer outdoor seating at your restaurant?
No, this establishment doesn't offer outdoor seating.
Does Alamo Square Seafood Grill accept Apple Pay?
Apple Pay is not accepted at Alamo Square Seafood Grill.
Does Alamo Square Seafood Grill accept reservations?
Yes, reservations are accepted here.
Does Alamo Square Seafood Grill offer free Wifi?
No, Alamo Square Seafood Grill does not offer free Wifi.
Is Alamo Square Seafood Grill a good place for groups?
Yes, Alamo Square Seafood Grill is good for groups.
Is Alamo Square Seafood Grill good for kids?
Alamo Square Seafood Grill is good for kids.
Is Alamo Square Seafood Grill open?
No, they are closed until April 7.
Is there a television at Alamo Square Seafood Grill?
No, Alamo Square Seafood Grill does not have TV.
What is the atmosphere like there?
The ambience at  Alamo Square Seafood Grill is intimate and classy.
What is the noise level at Alamo Square Seafood Grill?
The noise level at this facility is average.
What parking is available at Alamo Square Seafood Grill?
Street Parking is available at Alamo Square.
What type of pay is accepted?
Cash and credit cards are accepted here.
Can I pick up my order from Alexander's Steakhouse through the drive thru?
No you may not pick up your order via drive thru at Alexander's Steakhouse.
Do they accept credit cards for payment?
Alexander's Steakhouse accepts credit cards for payment.
Do y'all allow dogs there?
Dogs are not allowed here.
Do you have Happy Hour at your bar?
Alexander's Steakhouse does offer Happy Hour.
Do you have a bar in your restaurant?
Alexander's Steakhouse has full bar.
Do you only do walk-in traffic, or can I reserve a table beforehand?
Alexander's Steakhouse accepts reservations.
Does Alexander's Steakhouse have a TV?
No, Alexander's Steakhouse does not have TV.
Does Alexander's Steakhouse have outdoor seating?
No, Alexander's Steakhouse does not have outdoor seats.
Does Alexander's Steakhouse offer delivery service?
Alexander's Steakhouse does not offer delivery service.
Does your Steakhouse have free WiFi for it's customers to use?
Yes, Alexander's Steakhouse has free WiFi.
Hey, what can you tell me about the ambience there?
Alexander's Steakhouse has a casual ambience.
Hi, do you take Cryptocurrency?
No, Alexander's Steakhouse does not accept Cryptocurrency.
How loud is at your establishment?
Alexander's Steakhouse has an average noise level.
Howdy, do you guys offer take out?
Take out is available here.
Is Alexander Steakhouse good for groups?
Alexander's Steakhouse is good for groups.
Is Alexander's Steakhouse by appointment only?
Alexander's Steakhouse is not appointment-only.
Is Alexander's Steakhouse okay for wheelchairs?
Yes, it is wheelchair accessible.
Is Google Pay accepted there?
Google Pay is not accepted here.
Is bicycle parking available at Alexander's Steakhouse?
Yes, Bike Parking is available at Alexander's Steakhouse.
Is this restaurant good for kids?
It is not good for kids.
What is the dress code at Alexander's Steakhouse?
This restaurant recommends dressy attire.
Would I be able to use apple pay?
Apple Pay is not accepted at this facility.
do you have parking
This facility provides valet parking as well as street parking.
Are dogs allowed at Aliment?
Dogs are not allowed at Aliment.
Are there vegan options?
Yes, there are vegan options.
At Aliment, are groups good?
Yes, Aliment is good for groups.
Can I park my car at Aliment?
Garage and street parking are both available.
Do you guys have a happy hour?
Yes, Aliment has happy hour specials.
Does Aliment accept Google Pay?
Aliment does not accept Google Pay.
Does Aliment accept cryptocurrency?
No, cryptocurrency is not accepted as payment here.
Does Aliment have a t.v.?
Aliment does have TV.
Does Aliment offer bicycle parking?
Ailment does not have bike parking.
Does Aliment offer outdoor seating?
Ailment does not have outdoor seating.
Does Aliment provide Wifi?
No, Aliment does not offer WiFi.
Does Aliment take Apple Pay?
Apple Pay is not accepted at Aliment.
Does Aliment take advance reservations?
Ailment is not by appointment only.
Does this restaurant serve alcohol?
Yes, they do offer alcohol.
Hey, can you tell me if you guys take reservations?
Aliment takes reservations.
How is the ambience at Aliment?
Aliment has a casual and classy ambience.
Is there a dress code for Aliment?
There is no specific dress code for Aliment, attire is usually casual.
Is this wheelchair accessible?
Aliment is a wheelchair accessible establishment.
Is your establishment family friendly?
Aliment is not a good place to bring children.
What forms of payment do you guys take?
Aliment accepts cash and credit cards only.
What is the noise level like here?
The noise level at Aliment is average.
What type of service is provided?
Delivery service is not offered at Ailment.
can I order take out?
Take-out ordering is available at Aliment.
Are dogs alowed?
Dogs are not allowed at Amarena.
Can I make a reservation for this restaurant?
Yes, through a link on their website to OpenTable.
Can you tell me if this restaurant is a good place to bring kids?
Amarena is not suitable for kids.
Do yall have a dress code?
No, there is no dress code, casual attire.
Do you have free parking?
Street parking is available for Amarena.
Do you have vegan options?
Yes, Amarena does have vegan options.
Does Amarena accept Apple Pay?
Nope, it is not accepted.
Does Amarena have outdoor seating?
Amarena does have outdoor seating.
Does Amarena offer bicycle parking?
There is no bike parking available at Amarena.
Does Amarena take Google Pay?
The Amarena does not offer Google Pay options.
Does Amerena play TV?
Amarena does not have a TV.
Does the Amarena offer take-out?.
Amarena offers take-out.
Is Amarena good for groups?
Amarena is good for groups.
Is free WiFi offered at your place?
Amarena does offer its guests free WiFi.
Is it noisy at Amarena?
Noise level is average at Amarena.
Is there happy hour at Amarena?
Amarena does offer happy hour.
What is the ambience of Amarena?
Amarena has an intimate, romantic, and classy ambience.
What kind of alcohol do you offer?
Amarena serves beer and wine only.
What payment options are available at Amarena?
Amarena accepts credit cards, but not Apple or Google pay.
Are you able to accommodate groups of 10 or more people?
No, Anchor Oyster Bar is not good for groups.
Can I order food for delivery at the Anchor Oyster Bar?
Anchor Oyster Bar does not offer delivery service.
Can I park my bicycle at Anchor Oyster Bar?
There is bike parking at Anchor Oyster Bar.
Do I need a reservation?
The Anchor Oyster Bar does not take reservations.
Do you guys take Google Pay?
Anchor Oyster Bar does not accept Google Pay.
Do you have t.v.?
Anchor Oyster Bar does not have TV.
Does Anchor Oyster Bar accept credit cards?
The Anchor Oyster Bar accepts major credit cards.
Does Anchor Oyster Bar have high chairs?
Yes, Anchor Oyster Bar has high chairs available for babies.
Does Anchor Oyster Bar have outdoor seats?
The Anchor Oyster Bar does not accept Apple Pay.
Does Anchor Oyster Bar offer outdoor seating?
Anchor Oyster Bar does not have outdoor seating.
Does Anchor Oyster Bar offer take-out ordering?
Anchor Oyster Bar does offer take-out ordering.
Does Anchor Oyster Bar offer wifi for free?
The Anchor Oyster Bar does not have free WiFi.
Does the Anchor Oyster Bar allow dogs?
No, dogs are not allowed.
Hey, do you guys have a full bar there?
The Anchor Oyster Bar serves beer and wine only.
How noisy is it there?
Anchor Oyster Bar has an average noise level.
Is Anchor Oyster Bar kid friendly?
Anchor Oyster Bar is good for kids.
Is there parking at Anchor Oyster Bar?
There is only street parking at Anchor Oyster Bar.
What's the ambiance of Anchor Oyster Bar?
Anchor Oyster Bar has a casual and classy ambience.
do you have a happy hour
No, Anchor Oyster Bar does not have Happy Hour.
Can I get an order for my dog if I bring him?
The place only serves humans.
Can I use my Google Pay account there?
No, Google Pay is not accepted here.
Can bikes be parked at Aria Korean Street Food?
You are not allowed to park a bike at Aria Korean Street Food.
Can you tell what payment options you offer?
The payment options at Aria Korean Street Food are credit cards and Apple Pay.
Do you guys accept crytocurrency?
They do not accept Crypto.
Do you guys have happy hour specials?
Aria Korean Street Food does not have happy hour.
Do you have a delivery option?
Yes, Aria Korean Street Food offered delivery service.
Do you have televisions in the restaurant?
Aria Korean Street Food does not have TV available
Does  The Aria Korean Street Food serve alcohol?
Aria Korean Street Food does not serve alcohol.
Does Aria Korean Street Food have vegan friendly options?
There are no vegan friendly options at Aria Korean Street Food.
Does Aria Korean Street Food offer take-out ordering?
Aria Korean Street Food offers take-out ordering.
Does Aria Korean Street Food take reservations?
No, they do not take reservations.
How would you describe the noise level?
The noise level is average at Aria Korean Street Food.
I was wondering if you have wi fi for your customers.
WiFi is unavailable here.
Is Apple Pay accepted at Aria Korean Street Food?
Apple Pay is accepted at Aria Korean Street Food.
Is there outdoor seating available at Aria Korean Street Food?
No outdoor seating available at Aria Korean Street Food.
Is there parking at Aria Korean Street Food?
Street parking is available at Aria Korean Street Food.
Is this a kid friendly place?
Aria Korean Street Food is not considered good for kids.
Is your place good for groups?
Aria Korean Street Food is not good for groups.
What is the ambience of Aria Korean Street Food?
Aria Korean Street Food has a casual ambience.
Are groups allowed there?
Arizmendi Bakery is not good for groups.
Can I buy a beer at Arizmendi Bakery?
Alcohol is not served at Arizmendi Bakery.
Do you guys offer kid options?
Yes, it is good for kids.
Do you have wifi there?
There is no WiFi.
Does Arizmendi Bakery accept Apple pay?
Arizmendi Bakery does accept Apple Pay.
Does Arizmendi Bakery accept Google Pay?
Arizmendi Bakery doesn't accept Google Pay
Does Arizmendi Bakery have vegan options?
Arizmendi Bakery does have vegan friendly options.
Does Arizmendi Bakery offer delivery?
No, Arizmendi Bakery doesn't deliver at this time.
Does Arizmendi Bakery offer happy hour?
No, Arizmendi Bakery does not offer happy hour.
Does Arizmendi Bakery offer live music?
Arizmendi Bakery does not offer live music.
Does Arizmendi Bakery offer takeout?
Yes, this establishment offers takeout.
Does the Arizmendi Bakery have vegetarian options?
Yes, there are vegetarian options at Arizmendi Bakery.
I am looking for outdoor seating, do I need a reservation?
Arizmendi Bakery has outdoor seating and that area is know for staying busy.
Is biking parking available at Arizmendi Bakery?
Yes, it has parking for bikes.
Is street parking available at Arizmendi Bakery?
Arizmendi Bakery offers street parking for cars.
What is the noise level at Arizmendi Bakery?
Airzmendi Bakery has an average noise level.
What payment methods do you accept?
Arizmendi Bakery accepts credit cards and apple pay.
What type of things are at Arizmendi Bakery?
Gluten free foods are served at Arizmendi Bakery.
What's the ambiance like over there?
The ambience at Arizmendi bakery is casual and classy.
do you have a TV
No, TV is not available at this establishment.
Can I bring my dog with me?
No,  dogs are not allowed at Asian Box.
Do you accept cryptocurrency?
Cryptocurrency is not accepted at Asian Box.
Do you guys have a TV to watch tonight's game?
Yes.Asian Box have TV.
Do you guys take reservations?
Asian Box does not take reservations.
Do you have access for haldicapped customers?
Yes, Asian Box is wheelchair accessible.
Do you have any vegan items on your menu?
Asian Box offers a variety of vegan options.
Do you have delivery?
Yes, Asian Box has delivery.
Does Asian Box do takeout?
Yes, Asian Box offers take-out.
Does Asian Box have happy hour?
Yes, Asian Box hosts a happy hour.
Does Asian Box offer outdoor seating?
Yes, there is outdoor seating at Asian Box.
Does Asian Box take Apple Pay?
Asian Box does not accept Apple Pay.
Hi, do you guys accept Google Pay there?
Asian Box does not offer Google Pay. You pay with cash or credit card at the cashier.
Is Asian Box kid friendly?
Asian Box is considered good for kids.
Is there bike parking at Asian Box?
No, There is no bike parking.
Is there street parking available here?
Parking is available at Street for Asian Box.
Is your place good for groups?
Asian Box is good for groups.
What do you offer?
It looks like it does not.
What is the ambiance like there?
Asian Box's ambiance is hipster, casual and classy.
What types of payment do you take?
Asian Box accepts only credit card for its payment method.
What's the noise level inside Asian Box?
The noise level at Asian Box is average.
do you have wi fi
Yes, free WiFi is available at Asian Box.
Can you order take out?
Atelier Crenn does not offer take-out ordering.
Do Atelier Crenn accept Apple Pay?
Atelier Crenn does not accept Apple Pay.
Do you accept reservations?
Reservations are accepted at Atelier Crenn.
Do you have wifi available at the restaurant?
WiFi is not available at Atelier Crenn.
Does Atelier Creen have vegan options?
Yes, Atelier Crenn has vegan options.
Does Atelier Crenn accept credit cards?
This restaurant accepts credit cards.
Does Atelier Crenn have TVs?
There are no TVs at Atelier Crenn.
Does Atelier Crenn have alcohol?
Atelier Crenn does serves Beer & Wine Only.
How is the noise level at Atelier Crenn?
The noise level at Atelier Crenn is average.
Is Atelier Crenn good for kids?
Atelier Crenn is not kid-friendly.
Is Google Pay accepted at Atelier Crenn?
No, this establishment doesn't accept Google Pay.
Is bike parking available at Atelier Crenn?
There is no bike parking at Atelier Crenn.
Is delivery offered at Atleier Crenn.
Atelier Crenn does not offer delivery service.
Is outdoor seating available at Atelier Crenn?
Atelier Crenn does not have outdoor seats.
Is street parking available there?
Yes, street parking is available here.
May I bring my dog when I eat at your restaurant?
Dogs are prohibited at Atelier Crenn.
What is the dress code?
The suggested dress code at Atelier Crenn is dressy.
What kind of atmosphere does Atelier Crenn have?
Atelier Crenn has a classy, upscale ambience.
Will there be a happy hour at Atelier Crenn?
Atelier Crenn does not have a happy hour.
Would I be able to schedule a group event at Atelier Crenn?
Atelier Crenn is not adequate for groups.
Are groups allowed there?
Yes, Azalina's is good for groups.
Can I bring my dog along?
Does are not allowed at Azalina's
Can I pay with alternative payment methods?
Azalina's does not accept Apple Pay.
Can you tell me if you take Cryptocurrency?
Azalina's does not accept Cryptocurrency.
Do you offer take out orders?
Azalina's offers take-out ordering.
Do you take personal checks?
No, they do not.
Does Asalina's offer any vegan dishes?
Azalina's has a variety of vegan options available.
Does Azalina's accept reservations?
Azalina's does not take reservations.
Does the Azalina's have evening delivery services?
Azalina's has delivery available.
Does your establishment serve alcohol?
Alcohol is served at Azalina's.
How is the ambiance?
This establishment has a casual ambiance.
How is the noise level at Azalina's?
The noise level at Azalina's is average.
Is Azalina's a good place to bring kids?
Azalina's is a kid friendly restaurant.
Is Azalina's wheelchair accessible?
Azalina's is wheelchair accessible.
Is outdoor seating available at Azalina's?
Outdoor seating is available at Azalina's.
Is there somewhere for me to park my bike nearby?
Yes, bike parking is available.
What entertainment is there?
Azalina's has TV.
What parking does Azalina's offer?
Azalina's has a private parking garage and offer validating.
What payment methods are accepted at Azalina's?
Azalina's accepts credit cards, but cannot take Apple Pay or Cryptocurrency.
Are televisions played at the Aziza?
Televisions are not played at the Aziza.
Are you good for groups?
Aziza is good for groups.
Can I order take-out at Aziza?
Aziza does not offer a take-out option.
Can you tell me the payment options at Aziza?
the payment options for Aziza aren't available
Do you have bike parking?
No, there is no bike parking available.
Do you take reservations?
Yes, they take reservations.
Does Aziza have outdoor seating?
Only indoor seating is available.
Does Aziza offer delivery services?
No, Aziza does not offer delivery service.
Does Aziza offer vegan friendly options?
The are vegan options at Aziza.
Does Aziza serve alcoholic beverages?
Aziza serves alcohol.
Good day is the WiFi free?
Aziza does not offers free WiFi.
I was planning on taking my mother to a celebration there but she can't stand loud music, noise and such. Is it very loud there?
The noise level is loud at Aziza.
Is Aziza a good place for kids?
Aziza is not kid friendly.
Is apple pay offered?
Aziza does not accept Apple Pay.
Is there a particular dress code for your restaurant?
Suggested attire at Aziza is casual.
Is there happy hour here?
No happy hour is available at Aziza.
Is there parking available for cars at Aziza?
Valet and street parking are available at Aziza.
What is the ambience of Aziza?
Romantic & Classy
Do you accept apple pay options?
B on the Go does not accept Apple Pay.
Do you have any vegan friendly menu items?
Yes, this restaurant carries vegan options.
Do you have bike parking?
There is bike parking available at B on the Go.
Do you have parking there?
Parking is only available at Street for B on the Go.
Do you serve alcohol?
No, B on the Go does not serve alcohol.
Does B on the Go have delivery?
B on the Go does not offer delivery service.
Does B on the Go have free wifi available?
No, B on the Go does not have free WiFi.
Does B on the Go offer take out?
Yes, takeout is available at this restaurant.
Does your establishment accept google pay?
B on the Go accepts google pay.
Hi, can I make a reservation?
This restaurant does not take reservations.
How is noise level at B on the Go?
Noise level at B on the Go is average.
Is B on the Go adequate for children?
B on the Go is adequate for children.
Is there a TV here?
Yes, B on the Go has TV.
Is there a specific dress code at B on the Go?
There is not dress code at B on the Go.
Is there outdoor seating at B on the Go?
B on the Go does not have outdoor seating.
What is the ambience at B on the Go?
The ambience at B on the Go is casual.
What payment options are accepted at B on the Go?
They accept credit cards, however they do not accept Google Pay or Apple Pay.
Would you suggest this B on the Go for groups?
No, B on the Go is not good for groups.
Are there any vegan-friendly options on the menu?
According to the website, Bac Lieu Restaurant does have vegan friendly options available.
Can I bring my dog to Bac Lieu Restaurant?
No, you cannot.
Can I get delivery service at Bac Lieu Restaurant?
The Bac Lieu Restaurant does offer delivery service for a 2.99 fee.
Can I make a reservation please?
Bac Lieu Restaurant does not take reservations.
Do you have high chairs available at this location?
High chairs are available for babies at Bac Lieu Restaurant.
Do you offer any free wi-fi?
Yes,  Bac Lieu Restaurant offers free Wi-Fi.
Does Bac Lieu Restaurant accept Cryptocurrency as payment?
Bad Lieu Restaurant does not accept Cryptocurrency.
Does Bac Lieu Restaurant allow dogs?
Bac Lieu Restaurant does not allow dogs.
Does Bac Lieu Restaurant have street parking?
Street parking is available at this restaurant.
Does Bac Lieu Restaurant offer Happy Hour?
There is no Happy Hour offered at Bac Lieu Restaurant.
Does Bec Lieu Restaurant have outdoor seating available?
Bac Lieu Restaurant does have outdoor seating.
Does The Bac Lieu Restaurant offer take-out ordering?
The Bac Lieu Restaurant does offer take-out ordering.
Does the Bac Lieu Restaurant have TV?
Unfortunately, this restaurant does not have a TV available.
How would you describe the ambiance of Bac Lieu Restaurant?
Bac Lieu Restaurant has a home-y ambiance.
Is alcohol served at Bac Lieu Restaurant?
the Bac Lieu Restaurant serves alcohol
Is there a wheelchair access at Bac Lieu Restaurant?
Bac Lieu Restaurant is wheelchair accessible.
Is your place spacious enough for large groups?
Yes, they are good for groups.
What is the noise level at Bac Lieu Restaurant?
Bac Lieu Restaurant has an average noise level.
What payment options do you accept?
Bac Lieu Restaurant accepts credit cards.
Can I park my bike at Balompie Cafe?
Bike parking is available at  Balompie Cafe.
Do you have vegan options?
Yes, this cafe currently provides vegan options.
Do you sell alcohol there?
They serve beer and wine only.
Does Balompie Cafe accept the payment with Apple Pay?
Balompie Cafe does not accept Apple Pay.
Does Balompie Cafe have gluten free options?
Balompie Cafe has not gluten free options.
Does Balompie Cafe have soy free options?
No, Balompie Cafe does not have soy free options.
Does Balompie Cafe offer delivery service?
Balompie Cafe offers delivery service.
Hey what kind of ambience do you guys have there?
Balompie Cafe offers a casual ambience for its patrons.
Hey, do you guys accept orders for take out?
Yes, Balompie Cafe offers take out ordering for its patrons.
Hey, what kind of payments are accepted there?
Cash and credit cards are accepted here.
Hi, do y'all accept reservations?
Balompie Cafe does not take reservations.
Hi, do you guys have a TV in the cafe?
Balompie Cafe does have TV.
I was wondering if you have outdoor seating.
There is no outdoor seating available at Balompie Cafe.
Is this a good place for groups?
Yes, Balompie Cafe is good for groups.
Is your restaurant kid-friendly?
The Balompie Cafe is kid friendly.
What is the noise level at Balompie Cafe?
The noise level at Balompie Cafe is average.
What is the wifi they offer?
The Balompie Cafe does not offer free WiFi.
What parking is available there?
Yes, there are several parking spots in front of Balompie Cafe.
Are dogs allowed at your establishment?
No, dogs aren't allowed at this establishment.
At Basa Seafood Express, are groups good?
Basa Seafood Express is good for groups.
Can I order delivery at Basa Seafood Express?
Yes, Basa Seafood Express offers delivery.
Can I park my car at Basa Seafood Express?
There is street parking at Basa Seafood Express.
Can I pay with a credit card at Basa Seafood Express?
Basa Seafood Express accepts credit cards.
Can I place an order to go?
Basa Seafood Express does offer take-out ordering.
Do you accept take-out?
Takeout is available for Basa Seafood Express but no drive thru is available.
Do you have a happy hour?
No, this establishment doesn't offer happy hour.
Do you offer WI-FI?
WiFi is not offered here.
Do you offer outdoor seating?
Outdoor seating is not offered at Basa Seafood Express.
Does Basa Seafood Express accept Apple Pay?
Basa Seafood Express does not accept Apple Pay.
Does Basa Seafood Express accept Google Pay?
Basa Seafood Express does not accept Google Pay.
Does Basa Seafood Express accept reservations?
Basa Seafood Express does not take reservations.
Does Basa Seafood Express have any television services?
No, Basa Seafood Express does not have TV.
Does Basa Seafood Express offer any military discount?
Sorry, there's no military discount available at Basa Seafood Express.
Does the restaurant serve alcohol?
Basa Seafood Express does not serve alcoholic beverages.
Howdy, do you all offer bike parking there?
Basa Seafood Express does have bike parking.
Is Basa Seafood Express a good option for kids?
Yes, it is good for kids.
Is smoking allowed at Basa Seafood Express?
No, smoking is not allowed at Basa Seafood Express.
What is offered at Basa Seafood Express?
Basa Seafood Express is a friendly casual dining experience.
What is the noise level at this location?
The noise level at Basa Seafood Express is quiet.
Are delivery and take out available?
It is not indicated if they offer delivery, but they do offer take-out.
Do you accept Google Pay as a payment option?
Bay Subs & Deli does not accept Google Pay.
Do you have t.v.?
There is a TV at Bay Subs & Deli.
Do you take Apple Pay or Google Pay?
Bay Subs & Deli accepts credit cards, but cannot take Apple Pay or Google Pay.
Does Bay Subs & Deli have take-out available?
Bay Subs & Deli offers take out ordering.
Does Bay Subs & Deli have vegeterian friendly options?
Bay Subs & Deli does not have vegetarian friendly options.
Does Bay Subs & Deli serve french fries?
No, this establishment doesn't.
Hello, do you offer any WiFi service at your deli?
WiFi is not available here.
Hi, do you take reservations?
Bay Subs & Deli does not take reservations.
How is the noise level at the Bay Subs & Deli?
It has an average noise level.
Is Bay Subs & Deli good for kids?
Bay Subs & Deli is good for kids.
Is Outdoor seating available at Bay Subs & Deli?
Outdoor seating is available at Bay Subs & Deli.
Is bike parking available at Bay Subs & Deli?
Bike parking is available at Bay Subs & Deli.
Is there alcohol available?
Bay Subs & Deli does not serve alcohol.
What kind of ambience do you have?
The Bay Subs & Deli has a casual ambience.
What kind of parking is available?
Yes, they offer parking on the street.
is this a good place for groups?
Bay Subs & Deli is small and therefore not good for groups.
Are dogs allowed at Beit Rima?
Dogs are not allowed here.
Are you good for groups?
It is good for groups.
Are you wheelchair accessible?
The Beit Rima is wheelchair accessible
Do they offer vegan options?
Yes, this facility has vegan-friendly options.
Do you accept reservations?
Reservations are not taken by Beit Rima.
Do you guys offer bike parking?
Beit Rima has bike parking.
Do you have a happy hour today at your locations?
There is a happy hour at Beit Rima.
Do you have outdoor seating?
Beit Rima does not have outdoor seating.
Do you offer delivery service?
No, Beit Rima doesn't offer delivery.
Do you offer take-out?
Beit Rima offers take-out.
Does Beit Rima accept Cryptocurrency?
Beit Rima does not accept Cryptocurrency.
Does Beit Rima accept Google Pay?
Beit Rima accepts Google Pay.
Does Beit Rima have high chairs available for babies?
There are no high chairs available for babies at Beit Rima.
Does Beit Rima offer free WiFi?
They offer free WiFi.
Does your restaurant take Apply Pay for payment?
Yes, Apple Pay is accepted at Beit Rima.
Hello what payment options are offered at your place?
Credit cards and Google Pay are accepted.
Is Beit Rima kid-friendly?
Beit Rima is good for kids
Is Beit Rima offer the vegetarian options?
Beit Rima does offer vegetarian options.
To keep my kid occupied, does the restaurant have a tv?
The restauranant does have a tv.
What is offered at Beit Rima?
Casual, trendy and classy could be used to describe the ambiance at Beit Rima.
What is the noise level at Beit Rima?
The noise level at Beit Rima is average.
What parking is available?
Beit Rima offers street parking.
What types of alcohol do you serve at Beit Rima?
Beit Rima serves Beer & Wine Only.
What's the dress code there?
Beit Rima is casual dress.
Are there TV's at Beit Rima?
No, there is no tv at Beit Rima.
Do you guys offer delivery service?
Delivery is not offered here.
Does Beit Rima have vegan options?
Vegan options are offered on the menu at Beit Rima.
Does Beit Rima serve alcohol?
Beit Rima serves alcohol but only beer and wine.
Is Beit Rima a casual dining establishment?
The ambience is casual, trendy,  and also intimate
Is there WiFi?
Beit Rima does not have WiFi.
Is there a place to park my bike?
Beit Rima has bike parking.
Is there outdoor seating at Beit Rima?
There is outdoor seating at Beit Rima.
Is there parking available?
No, you cannot park at Beit RIma.
What kind of dress code do you have?
Dress is casual at Beit Rima.
do you have take out
Yes, take-out is available.
Are dogs allowed at Bella Trattoria?
Bella Trattoria does not allow dogs.
Are there happy hour specials?
Bella Trattoria offers happy hour specials.
Can you describe the ambiance of your restaurant in a few words?
The ambiance of Bella Trattoria is intimate, romantic, and classy.
Do you have TV?
Bella Trattoria does have TV.
Do you offer any free wi-fi?
Free WiFi is offered at Bella Trattoria.
Do you offer delivery?
Delivery service is available at Bella Trattoria.
Do you offer outdoor seating?
Bella Trattoria does not have outdoor seats.
Do you offer street parking?
There is street parking at Bella Trattoira.
Does Bella Trattoria accept Google Pay as payment?
Bella Trattoria does not accept Google Pay.
Does Bella Trattoria accept cryptocurrency?
Yes, this establishment accepts cryptocurrency.
Does Bella Trattoria have high chairs for babies?
High chairs are absolutely available.
Does Bella Trattoria have vegan friendly options?
Bella Trattoria has vegan friendly options.
Does Bella Trattoria have wheelchair access?
Bella Trattoria has wheelchair access.
Does Bella Trattoria offer takeout?
Yes, takeout is available at Bella Trattoria.
Does Bella Trattoria take reservations?
Bella Trattoria takes reservations for you.
Hey, what kind of alcohol do you guys serve there?
This restaurant serves only beer and wine.
Hi, do you accept Apple Pay there?
Bella Trattoria does not accept Apple Pay.
How is the noise level at Bella Trattoria?
The noise level here is average.
Howdy, are you guys a good option for dining with children?
Bella Trattoria is good for kids.
Is Bella Trattoria good for groups?
Yes, this facility is good for groups.
Is there parking available for bikes at Bella Trattoria?
Bike parking is available to use at Bella Trattoria.
do you have vegetarain options
Yes, there are vegetarian options available.
what is the dress code
Bella Trattoria allows casual attire.
Are groups good there?
Yes, Bellota is good for groups.
Are you open now?
The Bellota is currently closed
Do you allow delivery?
Delivery is not available through Bellota.
Do you have any outdoor tables I could reserve?
Bellota does not offering outdoor seating.
Does Bellota accept Apple Pay?
Bellota does not accept Apple Pay.
Does Bellota have a TV?
Bellota does not have a TV in it's place.
Does Bellota have a full bar?
Bellota offers a full bar.
Does Bellota offer WiFi?
Bellota offers free WiFi.
Does Bellota offer happy hour?
Bellota does offer a Happy Hour.
Hey, do you guys take reservations?
Bellota accepts reservations.
Hey, is it possible for me to take my dog to Bellota?
Dogs are not allowed at Bellota.
Is Bellota good for kids?
Bellota is not a good place to bring kids.
Is Bellota wheelchair accessible?
The Bellota is wheelchair accessible.
Is Google Pay accepted?
No, they do not accept Google Pay.
Is smoking allowed at Bellota?
Smoking is not allowed at Bellota.
What is the noise level at Bellota?
There is an average noise level present at Bellota.
What is your ambience like?
Trendy & Classy
What payment options are there?
Bellota accepts credit cards.
Where is the best street parking?
You can park your car on the street near Bellota.
do you have bike parking
Yes bike parking is available at Bellota.
Are animals allowed there?
I do not see anything saying that animals are allowed, so I would say that they are not allowed as usual in a restaurant except service trained animals.
Are there foods for vegans?
Ben Thai Cafe has vegan options available.
Are you wheelchair accessible?
Yes, Ben Thai Cafe is wheelchair accessible.
Can I park my bike?
Yes, you can park your bike at Ben Thai Cafe.
Do you guys have a spacious enough environment for a group?
Yes, groups are accommodated.
Do you guys take reservations?
No they do not take reservations.
Do you offer delivery?
Yes, this facility offers delivery services.
Do you offer take out ordering?
There is take-out ordering available at Ben Thai Cafe.
Does Ben Thai Cafe accept credit cards?
Ben Thai Cafe accepts credit cards.
Does Ben Thai Cafe have TV?
This place does not have a TV.
Does Ben Thai Cafe have free WiFi?
The Ben Thai Cafe does not have free WiFi.
Does Ben Thai Cafe have happy hour?
Yes, this facility offers happy hour specials from 5:00 to 7:00 PM.
Does the Ben Thai Cafe accept Apple Pay?
Ben Thai Cafe do not accept Apple Pay.
Does your restaurant offer drinks at a discount after work?
Yes, they have a happy hour with draft beers and bottled beers.
Is Ben Thai Cafe a kid friendly restaurant?
Yes, this facility is good for kids.
Is there outdoor seating there?
Ben Thai Cafe does not have outdoor seats.
What is the ambience of Ben Thai Cafe?
The ambience of Ben Thai Cafe is casual.
What is the noise level like here?
The noise level at Ben Thai Cafe is average.
Yes, hello I would like to pay using google pay do you accept that?
No, Ben Thai Cafe does not accept Google Pay.
Are valet services available?
There is valet parking available at Benu.
DO you guys take credit cards?
Credit cards are accepted at Benu.
Do they have a television at Benu?
No television is available at Benu.
Do you accept Google pay
No, Benu does not accept Google Pay.
Do you offer happy hour specials of any kind?
Benu does not have happy hour specials.
Does Benu accept Apple pay?
The website states that they do not accept Apple pay.
Does Benu accept reservations?
Benu takes reservations.
Does Benu have gluten free options?
The Benu restaurant does not contain any gluten free options.
Does Benu offer delivery?
Benu does not offer delivery.
Does Benu offer free WiFi?
No, WiFi is unavailable here.
Does Benu serve alcohol?
Benu serves beer and wine only.
Is Benu a good restaurant for kids?
Benu is not good for kids.
Is Benu more upscale?
Ambiance of Benu is upscale and classy.
Is take out available at Benu?
Take-out is not available here.
Is the info inclusive?
That information is inclusive.
Is there a specific dress code at Benu?
There is no dress code at Benu.
Is there bicycle paring at Benu?
There is not bike parking at Benu
Is this a good location to bring groups?
Yes, Benu is good for groups.
What is the noise level at Benu?
Noise level is quiet at Benu.
Are dogs allowed at Berber?
Dogs are not allowed at this establishment.
Are there any outdoor seats available there?
Berber does not offer outdoor seats.
Can I make reservations at Berber?
Yes, Berber takes reservations.
Can I park my bike at Berber?
Yes, there is parking for bikes.
Can I pay with Apple Pay?
Berber accepts credit cards, but not Apple Pay.
Do they have a tv there?
Berber does not have TVs in their establishment.
Do you accept Apple Pay at this location?
No, Berber doesn't accept Apple Pay.
Do you allow smoking?
Smoking is not allowed at Berber.
Do you guys serve alcohol?
Yes, Berber serves alcohol.
Do you have WiFi there?
Yes, Berber has free WiFi.
Do you have vegan meals?
Berber has vegan options.
Does Berber offer take-out?
Yes, it offers take-out.
Does Berber offer vegetarian friendly options?
Berber offers vegetarian friendly options.
Hi, is there a dress code for your establishment?
There dress is casual at Berber.
How loud is it at Berber?
The noise level at Berber is average.
Is Berber good for groups?
Berber is good for groups.
Is Berber wheelchair accessible?
Berber is accessible by wheelchair.
Is it possible to get delivery to my home?
Yes Berber offers delivery service.
Is there a happy hour?
Berber does offer a happy hour.
Is there parking available at Berber?
Yes, street parking is available.
Is this place good for kids?
Berber is not good for kids.
What is the ambiance at Berber?
Berber has a classy ambiance.
Are there any televisions there?
There are no TVs at Besharam.
Can I bring my dog to Besharam?
Besharam does not allow dogs
Can I find parking for my bike?
Besharam does have bike parking.
Can I make a reservation?
Besharam does take reservations.
Can I order delivery from Besharam?
Yes, Besharam offers delivery service.
Can we sit outside at Besharam?
The Besharam website has no mention of outside seating.
Can you guys do take out?
Yes, Besharam offers take-out ordering.
Do you offer wheelchair accessibility?
Besharam offers accessibility of wheelchairs
Does Besharam accept any cryptocurrencies?
No, Besharam does not accept Cryptocurrency.
Does Besharam have gluten free options?
Besharam does not offer gluten free dishes.
Does Besharam have vegan options?
Yes, Besharam does have vegan and vegetarian friendly options.
Does Besharam offer happy hour?
Besharam does not offer happy hour.
Does the Besharam good for Groups?
Besharam is good for groups.
Does the Besharam have free WiFi?
There is free wifi at besharam.
Is there vegetarian options here?
Yes, there are vegetarian options available.
What do you serve at the bar?
Besharam offers a full bar.
What kind of money is accepted?
Cash and credit cards are accepted here.
What type of parking is offered at Besharam?
The place offers street parking.
What's the ambience like there?
Besharam has a very chic ambience
are kids allowed at Besharam?
No, Besharam is not an ideal place for kids.
how is the noise level
Noise level is average.
Do you deliver?
Birdsong does not offer delivery service.
Do you have outdoor seating at Birdsong?
Birdsong does not offer its guests outdoor seating.
Do you have wifi?
No, Birdsong doesn't offer free WiFi.
Do you take credit cards?
Birdsong accepts credit cards.
Does Birdsong accept Apple Pay?
Birdsong does not accept Apple Pay.
Does Birdsong allow dogs?
Birdsong does not allow dogs.
Does Birdsong have a happy hour?
Birdsong does not offer happy hour.
Does Birdsong take reservations?
Yes, they take reservations.
Hey, can you tell me if Birdsong is a good place for children?
Birdsong is not good for kids because the Italian restaurant is small, has only a few small tables, and people say they use a lot of MSG in their food.
How is the ambience of Birdsong?
Birdsong's ambience borders on trendy, romantic, classy, and upscale.
Is Birdsong a good place for groups?
Birdsong is not appropriate for groups.
Is Birdsong wheelchair accessible?
Yes, Birdsong is wheelchair accessible.
Is there a TV available?q
No, TV is not available at Birdsong.
What alcoholic beverages do you serve?
There is beer and wine at Birdsong.
What parking options are available at Birdsong?
Garage parking is available, as well as street parking.
is birdsong open on sunday?
Website does not say either way.
Are dogs allowed at Bistro At The Cliff House?
Dogs are not allowed at Bistro At The Cliff House.
Are reservations accepted at Bistro At The Cliff House?
Bistro At The Cliff House does not take reservations.
Can I have take-out there?
No, Bistro At the Cliff House does not offer take-out ordering.
Can I pay with Visa?
Bistro At The Cliff House accepts credit cards.
Do you have outdoor seating?
The Bistro At The Cliff House has outdoor seating available
Do you offer vegan food?
Bistro At The Cliff House has vegan friendly options.
Does Bistro At The Cliff House accept Apple Pay?
Bistro At The Cliff House does not accept Apply Pay.
Does Bistro At The Cliff House have gluten free options?
No gluten free options are available at Bistro At The Cliff House.
Does Bistro At The Cliff House offer delivery service?
No, Bistro At The Cliff House does not offer delivery service.
Does Bistro At The Cliff House offer happy hour?
Unfortunately, this restaurant does not offer happy hour.
Does the Bistro At The Cliff House have free WiFi?
Bistro At The Cliff House does off free WiFi.
Hey, do you guys have a TV there?
Bistro At The Cliff House does have a TV.
How is the noise level at Bistro At The Cliff House?
Noise level is average at Bistro At The Cliff House.
Is Bistro At The Cliff House good for kids?
Bistro At The Cliff House is good for children.
Is bike parking available?
People can park bikes at Bistro At The Cliff House.
Is the atmosphere group-friendly?
The Bistro At The Cliff House is good for groups
Is there alcohol served at the Bistro At The Cliff House?
Yes, this facility offers a full bar.
What is the ambiance like?
The ambience of Bistro At The Cliff House is considered touristy and classy.
What is the dress code at Bistro At The Cliff House?
Bistro At The Cliff House has a casual dress code.
What kind of parking do you have available at this restaurant?
Street parking and private lot is available for car parking at Bistro At The Cliff House.
Can I bring my dog with me?
Dogs are not allowed at Bite.
Can I sit outside?
Outdoor seating is available at Bite.
Does Bite accept credit cards?
They accept credit cards.
Does Bite have vegan friendly options?
Yes, Bite does have vegan friendly options.
Does Bite offer take-out ordering?
Bite does offer take-out ordering.
Does Bite serve alcohol?
There is no alcohol at Bite.
Does Bite take reservations?
Bite restaurant does not take reservations.
Does the Bite have TV?
Yes, BIte has TV available.
Is Bite a good place for me to bring my kids?
Bite is good for kids.
Is Bite good for groups?
No, the restaurant is not good for groups.
Is Google Pay taken at Bite?
Bite does not accept Google Pay.
Is smoking allowed at Bite?
Bite does not allowing smoking at this time.
Is the food good?
This is inconclusive.
Is there bike parking available?
Bike parking is available at Bite.
Is there free wifi at Bite?
No, Bite does not offer WiFi.
What is the noise level like here?
Bite has an average noise level.
What kind of atmosphere is Bite?
Bite has a casual to classy ambience.
do you accept Apple pay
Bite doesn't support Apple Pay, but it accepts Credit cards.
Do I need a reservation?
They do not accept reservations at Bizza.
Do you accept Apple Pay?
Bizza accepts Apple Pay.
Do you guys offer happy hour?
Unfortunately, this restaurant does not have a happy hour.
Do you have free wi-fi?
Bizza has free WiFi available.
Do you have take-out available?
Bizza offers take-out.
Do you offer vegan friendly foods?
Yes, Bizza currently offers vegan friendly options.
Does Bizza offer bike parking?
There is no place to park bikes at Bizza.
Does your establishment have street parking?
Bizza has street parking.
Hi, do you guys deliver?
Bizza has delivery options available.
How is the ambience at Bizza and ok for kids?
Yes, Bizza is casual and great for kids.
Is Bizza wheelchair accessible?
Bizza is wheelchair accessible.
Is it a good place for groups?
Bizza is a good place for groups.
Is it possible to watch sporting events while dining at Bizza?
Bizza has television.
Is smoking allowed at Bizza?
Smoking not allowed at Bizza.
Is there alcohol at Bizza?
Alcohol is not served here.
Is there outdoor seating at Bizza?
Bizza does not have outdoor seating.
What forms of payment do you accept?
This establishment accepts Apple Pay and credit cards.
What is the noise level at Bizza?
The noise level is considered average at Bizza.
What kind of restaurant is this?
Bizza is Casual and Trendy and ideal for the Hipster in you.
Can I make a reservation at Blind Butcher?
Blind Butcher takes reservations.
Do they have outdoor seating available at Blind Butcher?
Outdoor seatings are available at Blind Butcher.
Do you deliver?
Blind Butcher does not offer delivery.
Do you have TVs?
Blind Butcher does not have TV.
Does Blind Butcher accept Apple Pay?
Blind Butcher does not accept Apple Pay.
Does Blind Butcher offer happy hour?
The Blind Butcher does not offer a happy hour
Does Blind Butcher offer live music?
The Blind Butcher does not offer live music.
Does the Blind Butcher have Car Parking?
Street parking is available for cars at Blind Butcher.
Is Blind Butcher good for groups?
Yes, Blind Butcher is a good spot for groups.
Is alcohol served here?
Yes, this restaurant currently serves alcohol to its patrons.
Is the Blind Butcher great for a first date?
Hipster, Intimate, Romantic & Classy
Is there take-out at Blind Butcher?
No, they do not offer take-out ordering.
What is the dress code?
Blind Butcher dress code is casual.
What is the noise level at Blind Butcher?
The noise level at Blind Butcher is average.
What payments do you accept?
Blind Butcher accepts credit card as its only payment option.
Are vegan options available?
Yes, it has vegan options.
Can I park my bike at this restaurant?
Yes, they have bike parking.
Can I use Apple Pay at Blue Barn Gourmet?
No, Blue Barn Gourmet does not accept Apple Pay.
Can I watch the game on a TV at Blue Barn Gourmet?
Blue Barn Gourmet does not have TV.
Do you accept reservations?
Reservations are not accepted at Blue Barn Gourmet.
Do you offer delivery?
Blue Barn Gourmet does not offer delivery.
Do you offer take out?
Yes, Blue Barn Gourmet offers take-out ordering.
Does Blue Barn Gourmet accept credit cards?
Credit cards are accepted at the Blue Barn Gourmet.
Does Blue Barn Gourmet have soy free options?
Blue Barn Gourmet doesn't have soy free options.
Does Blue Barn Gourmet offer free WiFi?
This company does offer wifi for free
Hi, what kind of restaurant is this?
The Blue Barn Gourmet is a sandwich shop.
Is Blue Barn Gourmet a good place to bring a group?
Blue Barn Gourmet is not recommended for groups.
Is it a good place for kids?
Yes, this establishment is kid-friendly.
What is the noise level at Blue Barn Gourmet?
The noise level at Blue Barn Gourmet is average.
What kind of alcohol is served?
Blue Barn Gourmet serves beer and wine only.
What parking is available at Blue Barn Gourmet?
There is only street parking at Blue Barn Gourmet.
do you have outdoor seating
Outdoor seating is available at Blue Barn Gourmet.
Are groups allowed at Boba Guys?
Yes, groups are welcomed at Boba Guys.
Are there vegan options available?
Yes, there are vegan friendly options at Boba Guys.
Can I bring my dog to Boba Guys?
Dogs are prohibited from Boba Guys.
Can I park my bike at Boba Guys?
Bike parking is available at Boba Guys.
Could you please tell me what type of ambiance your establishment has?
The ambience of Boba Guys is hipster, casual, trendy and classy.
Does Boba Guys deliver?
Boba Guys does offer delivery services.
Does Boba Guys have a TV?
No, Boba Guys does not have a TV.
Does Boba Guys have happy hour?
No, Boba Guys does not have happy hour.
Does Boba Guys take reservations?
No, Boba Guys does not take reservations.
Does the Boba Guys have free WiFi?
Boba Guys does offer free Wifi
Does the Boba Guys have outdoor seating?.
Boba guys does not have outdoor seating.
How noisy is it at Boba Guys?
The noise level of Boba Guys is average.
Is google pay allowed there?
Boba Guys accepts Google Pay.
Is there a bar in the restaurant?
Boba Guys does not serve alcohol.
Is there street parking at Boba Guys?
There is street parking.
Is this location wheelchair accessible?
Yes, this establishment is wheelchair accessible.
Is this place kid friendly?
Yes, Boba Guys is kid-friendly.
What form of ordering is there?
Yes, Boba Guys offers take-out ordering.
What payment methods are accepted at Boba Guys?
Boba Guys accepts credit cards, Google Pay and Apple Pay.
What payment options are accepted?
Boba Guys accepts Apple Pay.
Can I bring my dog to Bon, Nene?
Bon, Nene does not allow to bring dogs.
Do you guys offer bike parking?
You can park your bike at Bon, Nene.
Do you guys take reservations?
No, Bon, Nene does not take reservations.
Do you have wifi for customers?
Unfortunately, this restaurant does not offer WiFi service.
Does Bon, Nene accept Apple Pay as payment?
Bon, Nene accepts Apple Pay.
Does Bon, Nene accept credit cards and Apple Pay?
Bon, Nene accepts credit cards and Apple Pay.
Does Bon, Nene have Alcohol?
This company only offers beer and wine.
Does Bon, Nene have delivery service?.
Bon, Nene offers delivery service.
Is Bon, Nene good for groups?
No, this establishment isn't good for groups.
Is Bon, Nene kid friendly?
Bon, Nene is kid friendly.
Is parking available at Bon, Nene?
Street parking is available at Bon, Nene.
Is takeout avaiable?
Yes, takeout options are available.
Is there a TV?
Bon, Nene does not have TV.
Is there outdoor seating at Bon, Nene?
Bon, Nene does have outdoor seating.
What is noise level at  the Bon, Nene?
Bon, Nene has an average noise level.
What is the ambience of Bon, Nene?
The ambience of Bon, Nene is casual, intimate and classy.
Are dogs allowed at Boudin Bakery & Cafe?
Dogs are not allowed at Boudin Bakery & Cafe.
Can I pay with a credit card at Boudin Bakery?
The Boudin Bakery & Cafe accepts credit cards.
Can I use Apple Pay for my purchases at Boudin Bakery & Cafe?
Apple pay is not accepted at Boudin Bakery & Cafe.
Can I watch tv there?
There is no TV at Boudin Bakery & Cafe
Can you tell me about the ambiance at Boudin Bakery & Cafe?
The ambience of Boudin Bakery & Cafe is casual, touristy, and classy.
Can you tell me if free Wifi is available at Boudin Bakery & Cafe?
There is no WiFi offered at Boudin Bakery & Cafe.
Do you accept Google Pay for payment?
Boudin Bakery & Cafe does not accept Google Pay.
Do you have a full bar there?
The Boudin Bakery & Cafe serves Beer & Wine Only.
Do you have any vegan options?
Boudin Bakery & Cafe has vegan friendly options.
Do you have bike parking available?
Boudin Bakery & Cafe offers bike parking.
Do you offer delivery?
Yes, delivery is available at this establishment.
Does Boudin Bakery & Cafe have gluten free options?
Boudin Bakery & Cafe has gluten free options.
Does Boudin Bakery & Cafe have high chairs available for babies?
Boudin Bakery & Cafe does not have high chairs available for babies.
Does Boudin Bakery & Cafe offer outdoor seating?
The is an outdoor seating area at Boudin Bakery & Cafe.
Does Boudin Bakery & Cafe offer take out ordering?
Take out ordering is offered at Boudin Bakery & Cafe.
Does Boudin Bakery & Cafe provide reservations?
Boudin Bakery & Cafe does not provide reservations.
Does your establishment cater to groups?
The Boudin Bakery & Cafe caters to groups.
Is Boudin Bakery & Cafe a noisy restaurant?
The noise level is average at Boudin Bakery & Cafe.
Is parking available there?
Street parking is available.
What is offered at Boudin Bakery & Cafe?
Boudin Bakery & Cafe is good for kid.
Are kid options available there?
The Brazen Head is not good for kids.
Can you tell me what kind of vibe the place has?
The ambience at Brazen Head is intimate and classy.
Do you accept credit cards?
Brazen Head accepts credit card payments.
Do you deliver?
Brazen Head offers delivery service.
Do you have wifi?
The Brazen Head offers free WiFi.
Does Brazen Head accept reservations?
Brazen Head does not take reservations.
Does Brazen Head have a dress code?
There is no specific dress code at Brazen Head and the usual attire is casual.
Does Brazen Head have a t.v.?
Brazen Head does have TV.
Does Brazen Head have gender neutral bathrooms?
The information is not available online.
Does Brazen Head offer take out?
Yes, takeout is available at this establishment.
Does Brazen Head serve alcohol?
Yes they do, a person mentioned they were served alcohol here.
How noisy is it at Brazen Head?
Noise level is average at Brazen Head.
Is Brazen Head good for groups?
Brazen Head is considered a good restaurant for groups.
Is apple pay accepted?
No, Brazen Head does not accept Apple Pay.
Is there any outdoor seating at your establishment?
There is no outdoor seating at Brazen Head.
Where should I park?
There is only street parking available at Brazen Head.
Am I able to make a reservation?
Brenda's French Soul Food does take reservations
Are guests allowed to bring dogs at Brenda's French Soul Food?
Brenda's French Soul Food does not allow dogs.
Can I order take-out?
Take-out ordering is available at Brenda's French Soul Food
Can I pay with online money?
Cryptocurrency is not accepted at Brenda's French Soul Food.
Do you guys offer delivery service?
Yes, Brenda's French Soul Food offers delivery service.
Do you have bike parking?
Brenda's French Soul Food has bike parking.
Do you have outdoor seating?
There is no outdoor seating at Brenda's.
Do you have vegan options?
Brenda's French Soul Food has vegan options available
Do you offer any vegetarian options?
The Brenda's French Soul Food have vegetarian friendly options.
Does Brenda's French Soul Food offer Wifi?
Wifi not available
Does Brenda's French Soul Food offer a happy hour?
No, Brenda's French Soul Food does not offer a happy hour.
Does Brenda's French Soul Food offer alcohol?
Brenda's French Soul Food does not serve alcohol.
Does the Brenda's French Soul Food accept Google Pay?
No, Brenda's does not accept Google Pay.
Does the Brenda's French Soul Food have high chairs for Kids?
High chairs are available for young ones.
Hey, can you tell me if you guys are wheelchair accessible?
Brenda's French Soul Food is wheelchair accessible.
Is Brenda's French Soul Food good for kids?
Brenda's French Soul Food is good for kids.
Is it noisy there?
The noise level at Brenda's French Soul Food is normal for a restaurant.
Is parking available at Brenda's French Soul Food?
Brenda's French Soul Food offers street parking.
Is there a television there?
Brenda's has no television there.
Is this a good place for groups?
No, this restaurant isn't good for groups.
What is the ambience at your establishment?
The ambience at  Brenda's French Soul Food is casual and classy.
What types of payments does Brenda's French Soul Food take?
They accept credit cards, but not GooglePay.
do they accept apple pay?
Brenda's French Soul Food does not accept Apple Pay.
Are there vegan foods?
Yes, vegan options are listed within the amenities sub section.
Can I park my bike at Brenda's Meat & Three?
Bike parking is available at Brenda's Meat & Three.
Do y'all allow dogs there?
Breda's Meet & Three does allow you to brings dogs. The restaurant is known as dog friendly in San Francisco.
Do you accept Google Pay?
No, this facility does not accept Google Pay.
Do you offer high chairs?
Brenda's Meat & Three offers high chairs.
Do you take bitcoin?
Brenda's Meat & Three does not accept cryptocurrency.
Does Brenda's Meat & Three accept Apple Pay?
Apple Pay is not accepted at Brenda's Meat & Three.
Does Brenda's Meat & Three have take-out available?
Take out is available at Brenda's Meat & Three.
Does Brenda's Meat & Three have vegan food?
Yes, vegan friendly options are available at Brenda's Meat & Three.
Does Brenda's Meat & Three offer Wifi?
Brenda's Meat & Three does not offer free WiFi.
Does Brenda's Meat & Three offer parking?
Off-street parking is free at Brenda's Meat & Three Restaurant.
Does the CBrenda's Meat & Three serve Alcohol?
Brenda's Meat & Three serves alcohol.
Hi, do you guys take reservations?
Reservations are not available.
How can I pay my bill?
Brenda's Meat & Three accepts credit cards.
If I wanted to, could I order for delivery?
Yes, delivery services are available.
Is Brenda's Meat & Three by appointment only?
Brenda's Meat & Three is not by appointment only.
Is Brenda's Meat & Three good for groups?
Brenda's Meat & Three is good for groups.
Is the Brenda's Meat & Three good for kids?
Yes, Brenda's Meat & Three is good for kids.
What is the noise level at Brenda's Meat & Three?
The noise level is loud at Brenda's Meat & Three.
What kind of atmosphere is Brenda's Meat & Three?
It it is a downtown at home family atmosphere.
is outdoor seating available
Yes, outdoor seating is available.
Can I get delivery from Bulgara?
Delivery is not available for Bulgara.
Can I have a drink with my meal at Bulgara?
No they do not serve any type of alcohol.
Do they offer take out?
Bulgara does offer take-out ordering.
Do you have TV?
Yes, TV is available at this restaurant.
Do you take credit cards?
Bulgara accepts Credit cards.
Does Bulgara have bike parking?
No, Bulgara does not have bike parking.
Does Bulgara offer outdoor seating options?
Bulgara does not have outdoor seating.
Is Bulgara a good place to bring a group?
Yes, Bulgara is good for groups.
Is Bulgara wheelchair accessible?
Yes, this business is wheelchair acessible.
Is parking available at Bulgara?
Parking available at Bulgara.
Is there free Wifi available?
Yes, Bulgara does offer free WiFi.
What is the atmosphere of Bulgara?
This restaurant offers a trendy, casual, classy atmosphere.
Are there any vegetarian options available?
Burma Love has vegetarian options available.
Can you bring in your pet?
Animals are not allowed at Burma Love.
Do you guys offer delivery services?
Yes Burma Love does offers take out through Caviar and Doordash delivery service.
Do you have outdoor seating?
No, only indoor seating is available at Burma Love.
Do you offer wifi for guests?
No, WiFi is unavailable.
Does Burma Love accept Apple Pay?
Burma Love does not accept Apple Pay.
Does Burma Love accept Google Pay?
Burma Love currently does not accept Google Pay.
Does Burma Love accept credit cards?
They accept credit cards.
Does Burma Love accept cryptocurrency?
They do not accept cryptocurrency.
Does Burma Love have TV?
There is no TV.
Does Burma Love have a happy hour?
Burma Love does not have a happy hour
Does Burma Love have bike racks?
Burma Love does have parking for bikes.
Does Burma Love have vegan options?
There are vegan friendly options available at Burma Love.
Does Burma Love take reservations?
Burma Love does not take reservations.
Does the Burma Love have Car Parking?
No, you must use public street parking nearby.
Does your establishment offer a full bar?
Yes, Burma Love has a full bar.
Is Burma Love good for groups?
Burma Love is good for groups.
Is Burma Love wheelchair accessible?
Burma Love is wheelchair accessible.
Is smoking allowed there?
Smoking is not allowed at Burma Love.
Is take out possible at Burma Love?
Yes, Burma Love offers takeout.
Is there a high chair there for customers?
Yes, high chairs are available at this establishment.
Is your place family-friendly?
Yes, this place is good for kids.
What is the ambience like there?
Burma Love has modern and chic ambiance.
What is the noise level at Burma Love?
Burma Love has an average noise level.
Are dogs allowed at the Burmese Kitchen?
Dogs are not allowed at the Burmese Kitchen.
Are reservations accepted?
Burmese Kitchen allows reservations.
Are there TV's at Burmese Kitchen?
There aren't any TV's in Burmese Kitchen.
Can I park at Burmese Kitchen?
There is street parking available at Burmese Kitchen.
Can I park my bike at Burmese Kitchen?
There is no bike parking available at Burmese Kitchen.
Can I pay by credit card at Burmese Kitchen?
Burmese Kitchen accepts credit cards.
Do you accept Google Pay?
Burmese Kitchen does not accept Google Pay.
Do you guys offer WiFi?
Yes, free WiFi is available at Burmese Kitchen.
Do you have happy hour specials?
Burmese Kitchen does not offer happy hour.
Do you offer any vegan options there?
Yes, vegan options are available at this restaurant.
Does Burmese Kitchen accept Apple Pay?
Burmese Kitchen does not accept Apple Pay.
Is Apple Pay accepted at Burmese Kitchen?
No they do not accept any Crypto, apple pay or google pay.
Is Burmese Kitchen a good place for groups?
Burmese Kitchen is good for groups.
Is take-out ordering offered at Burmese Kitchen?
Yes, take-out ordering is offered here.
Is the Burmese Kitchen a good place to bring kids?
The Burmese Kitchen is a good place to bring kids.
Is the place casual or formal?
The ambience of Burmese Kitchen is casual.
Is your place wheelchair friendly?
No, this facility is not wheelchair accessible.
What is the noise level at Burmese Kitchen?
The noise level at the Burmese Kitchen is quiet.
What kind of alcohol do you serve there?
The Burmese Kitchen serves beer and wine only.
What type of things are at Burmese Kitchen?
No, Burmese Kitchen has only indoor seating available.
You offer delivery?
Burmese Kitchen offers a full delivery service.
Are you guys crowded at the moment?
It does not appear to.
Do you allow smoking inside your restaurant?
This company does not.
Do you guys have outdoor seats?
Bursa does not have outdoor seats.
Does Bursa have TV?
No, Bursa does not have TV.
Does Bursa have high chair for children?
Yes, Bursa has high chairs available.
Does Bursa have parking?
Bursa has public parking.
Does Bursa have room for larger groups?
Yes, Bursa is good for groups.
Does Bursa have vegan options?
Yes, it has vegan options.
Does Bursa take American Express?
This company does not.
Does the Bursa have take out ordering?.
Yes, Bursa offers take out ordering.
How would you describe the atmosphere?
The ambience of Bursa is casual and classy.
Is Apple Pay accepted at Bursa?
Currently, credit cards are accepted at this restaurant. However; Apple Pay is not accepted.
Is Apple Pay accepted at your location?
Apple Pay is not accepted here.
Is Bursa a good restaurant for kids?
Yes, Bursa is good for kids.
Is there a dress code necessary?
There is no mandatory dress code at Bursa.
Is there alcohol available here?
Bursa's menu shows no alcoholic beverages.
Is there any street parking at Bursa?
Street Parking is available at Bursa
What is the noise level like there?
The noise level at Bursa is about average.
Are there any outdoor seats at Californios?
No, there is no outdoor seating at Californios.
Can I park my bike at Californios?
You cannot park your bike at Californios.
Can I watch television at Californios?
Californios does not have TV.
Do you offer take out ordering?
Unfortunately, this restaurant does not offer take out ordering.
Does Californios accept Apple Pay?
Yes Californios accepts Apple Pay.
Does Californios take reservations?
Californios takes reservations.
How is the noise level?
The noise level at Californios is average.
Is Californios a good place for children?
No, Californios is not good for kids.
Is Californios good for groups?
No, Californios is not good for groups.
Is Google Pay accepted at Californios?
Yes, Google Pay is accepted here.
Is there a specific dress code at Californios?
There is no specific dress code at Californios.
Is there free wifi there?
Californios does not offer WiFi.
What is the atmosphere at Californios?
Californios is classy with a Romantic,  Intimate feel.
What parking does Californios offer?
There is only street parking at Californios.
What payment methods are accepted?
Credit card, Google pay, and Apple pay is offered.
do you have a liquor license
This restaurant serves beer and wine only.
do you have delivery service
Californios does not offer delivery service.
Are dogs allowed at CatHead's BBQ?
Dogs are not allowed at CatHead's BBQ.
Can I park my bike at this restaurant?
You are allowed to park bikes at CatHead's BBQ.
Do you accept cryptocurrency as payment?
This company does not.
Do you guys serve any alcohol?
CatHead's BBQ serves beer and wine only.
Do you have TVs?
Yes, CatHead's BBQ has a TV.
Do you have a drive thru at your restuarant?
There is no drive thru available at CatHead's BBQ.
Do you offer delivery service?
CatHead's BBQ offers delivery  service.
Does CatHead's BBQ accept Google Pay?
Cathead's BBQ does not accept Google Pay.
Does CatHead's BBQ take credit cards?
CatHead's BBQ takes credit cards.
Does CatHead's offer any vegetarian options?
Their are vegan friendly options and meatless options at CatHead's BBQ.
Does Cathead's BBQ take reservations?
Cathead's BBQ does not take reservations.
Hey do you guys do carryout and delivery?
Yes they offer both takeout and delivery services.
I was wondering if you offer free wi fi for your customers.
No, CatHead's BBQ does not offer free WiFi.
Is smoking allowed at CatHead's BBQ?
CatHead's BBQ currently does not allow smoking.
Is there outdoor seating for guests?
There are no outdoor seats.
Is there parking available at your restaurant?
CatHead's BBQ has street parking and an easy, free private lot.
Is this a good restaurant option for groups?
Yes, it is good for groups.
Is your restaurant good for kids?
CatHead's BBQ is kid friendly.
What ia the noise level like there?
Minimal to normal
What is the ambience like at CatHead's BBQ?
The ambience of CatHead's BBQ is casual.
do they take apple pay?
CatHead's BBQ do not accept Apple Pay.
Are dogs allowed at Cellarmaker House of Pizza?
Dogs are not allowed at Cellarmaker House of Pizza.
Can I put in a take-out order at your location?
Cellarmaker House of Pizza does not offer take-out ordering.
Can I watch the game on TV there?
No, Cellarmaker House of Pizza does not have TV.
Can you only come by appointment?
No, it is not by appointment only.
Do you accept reservations?
Cellarmaker House of Pizza does not take reservations.
Do you guys offer outdoor seating?
Cellarmaker House of Pizza does not have outdoor seating.
Do you guys take cryptocurrency?
Cellarmaker House of Pizza does not accept Cryptocurrency.
Do you have a bar there?
Cellarmaker House of Pizza serves wine and beer only.
Does Cellarmaker House of Pizza accept credit cards?
Credit cards are accepted at Cellarmaker house of pizza.
Does Cellarmaker House of Pizza have vegan friendly options?
Cellarmaker House of Pizza does not offer Vegan options.
Does Cellarmaker House of Pizza offer WiFi?
Cellarmaker House of Pizza does not have WiFi.
Hi, good evening. Can I get a delivery please?
Cellarmaker House of Pizza does not offer delivery service.
Is Cellarmaker House of Pizza good for groups?
Cellarmaker House of Pizza is not good for groups.
Is the Cellarmaker House of Pizza good for kids?.
No, Cellarmaker House of Pizza is not good for kids.
Is there a parking lot at the Cellarmaker House of Pizza?
Street parking is available.
Do I need to make a reservation?
Champa Garden does accept reservations.
Do you allow families to bring there dogs  to Champa Garden?
No dogs are allowed in Champa Garden.
Do you have t.v.?
Champa Garden has TVs in their establishment.
Do you have vegan meals?
Champa Garden  has vegan options.
Do you take Google Pay?
Champa Garden does not accept Google Pay.
Does Champa Garden accept credit cards, Apple Pay and Google Pay?
Champ Garden accepts credit cards, but not Apple pay or Google pay.
Does Champa Garden allow Apple Pay as a payment method?
Apple Pay is not accepted at Champa Garden.
Does Champa Garden offer delivery service?
No, Champa Garden doesn't deliver.
Does Champa Garden offer free WiFi?
No, Champa Garden does not offer free WiFi.
Does your hotel offer outdoor seating?
There is no outdoor seating available.
Hi, what are the parking options there?
You can park at private lot or street at Champa Garden.
Is Champa Garden good for groups?
Yes, Champa Garden is good for groups.
Is there a happy hour at Champa Garden?
Champa Garden does not have a happy hour.
Is there any free WiFi at Champa Garden?
Yes this company offers this.
Is there bike parking at Champa Garden?
There is bike parking available at Champa Garden.
Is this restaurant kid-friendly?
Yes, this is a kid-friendly establishment.
What is the ambience at Champa Garden?
The ambience of Champa Garden is casual and classy.
What is the noise level at Champa Garden?
The noise level at Champa Garden is average.
What kind of alcohol is served?
Champa Garden serves beer and wine only.
What kind of ordering is offered?
Champa Garden offers take-out ordering.
Are dogs allowed?
Dogs are not allowed at Chubby Noodle.
Are high chairs available at Chubby Noodle?
High chairs are available here.
Are there TV's at Chubby Noodle?
Yes, there are TVs at Chubby Noodle.
Are there vegetarian options available?
Chubby Noodle has vegan and vegetarian friendly options available.
Can I have delivered food from there?
Chubby Noodle does offer delivery service.
Can I use free wifi there?
No, there is no WiFi.
Do you have a take out options?
Yes, Chubby Noodle offers take-out ordering.
Do you have patio seating?
Yes, Chubby Noodle currently offers outdoor seating.
Do you offer a happy hour?
Yes, the Chubby Noodle restaurant has a happy hour.
Does Chubby Noodle have vegan options?
Yes, Chubby Noodle has vegan options.
Does Chubby Noodle serve alcohol?
Yes they do, a full bar
Hi, can you tell me if you take reservations?
Yes, Chubby Noodle takes reservations.
How is the ambiance of Chubby Noodle?
The ambiance of Chubby Noodle is hipster, casual, and classy.
Is Apple Pay accepted at Chubby Noodle?
Apple Pay is not accepted at Chubby Noodle.
Is Apple Pay accepted at Chubby Noodle?
Currently, credit cards are accepted at this restaurant. Apple Pay is not accepted.
Is Chubby Noodle a good place for children?
No, it is not good for kids.
Is Chubby Noodle a noisy establishment?
The noise level is high.
Is Chubby Noodle good for groups?
Yes, Chubby Noodle is good for groups.
Is there somewhere to park my bike?
Bike parking is available at Chubby Noodle.
Is there street parking at the Chubby Noodle ?
There is street parking available at Chubby Noodle.
Are reservations required at Cinderella Bakery & Cafe?
The Cinderella Bakery & Cafe does not accept reservations.
Are there any vegan options?
Yes, it has vegan friendly options.
Can I bring my dog to the Cinderella Bakery & Cafe?
Cinderella Bakery & Cafe does allow dogs.
Can I use Google Pay at Cinderella Bakery & Cafe?
Yes, Google Pay is one of the payment method.
Do you have a happy hour?
No, Cinderella Bakery & Cafe doesn't offer happy hour.
Do you take Apple Pay?
Cinderella Bakery & Cafe does accept Apple Pay.
Does Cinderella Bakery & Cafe accept takeout orders?
This restaurant offers take-out.
Does Cinderella Bakery & Cafe have free WiFi?
Free WiFi is available.
Does Cinderella Bakery & Cafe offer outdoor seating?
The Cinderella Bakery & Cafe does offer outdoor seating.
Hey, good evening. Do you guys have a bar?
Cinderella Bakery & Cafe doesn't serve alcohol.
How is the ambience of Cinderella Bakery & Cafe?
The ambiance of Cinderella Bakery & Cafe is casual and classy.
Is Cinderella Bakery & Cafe good for groups?
No, it's not good for groups as seating is very limited inside as well as on the patio.
Is there TV at Cinderella Bakery & Cafe?
Cinderella Bakery & Cafe has TV available at site.
Is there bike parking available?
Bike parking is available at Cinderella Bakery & Cafe.
Is there parking available for cars at Cinderella Bakery & Cafe?
Street parking is available at Cinderella Bakery & Cafe.
Is your cafe kid-friendly?
Yes, Cinderella Bakery & Cafe is good for kids.
What is the noise level at Cinderella Bakery & Cafe?
Noise level is average at Cinderella Bakery & Cafe.
what forms of payment do you take
Cinderella Bakery & Cafe offer credit cards and Google play as payment options.
Can I get vegan food there?
Yes, Cool Cravings offers vegan options.
Can i bring my dog
No, It is dog-free zone.
Do you have TV's available?
Cool Cravings has TV.
Do you offer delivery and is there a fee?
Cool Cravings offers delivery service for a $2.99 fee.
Do you serve alcohol?
Sorry, Cool Cravings does not service alcohol.
Does Cool Cravings accept Apply Pay?
Cool Cravings doe accept Apple Pay.
Does Cool Cravings accept Google Pay?
Cool Cravings does not accept Google Pay.
Does Cool Cravings have outdoor seating?
There is no outdoor seating available at this establishment.
Does Cool Cravings take Google Pay?
Cool Cravings accepts payment in the forms of credit cards and Apple Pay but does not accept Google Pay.
Does Cool Cravings take reservations?
Cool Cravings does not take reservations.
Hey, is it possible to park my bike while I dine?
Yes, you are able to park bikes at Cool Cravings.
Is Cool Cravings a good spot to take a group?
Cool Cravings is a great place to have a group outing.
Is Cool Cravings good for kids?
Cool Cravings is a good place to bring kids.
Is Cool Cravings wheelchair accessible?
Cool Cravings is wheelchair accessible.
Is there free WiFi available at Cool Cravings?
Cool Cravings has free WiFi available.
Is there take out offered?
Take-out ordering is offered at Cool Cravings.
What is the dress code at Cool Cravings?
Cool Cravings is a casual restaurant.
What is the noise level like there?
Noise level is average at Cool Cravings.
What kind of parking do you have at Cool Cravings?
Street and garage parking is available at Cool Cravings.
Are dogs allowed at Coqueta?
No, there are no dogs allowed.
Are there any vegetarian options available at Coqueta?
Yes, options are available for vegetarians.
Can Apple Pay be used at Coqueta?
Coqueta does not accept Apple Pay.
Can I get take out at Coqueta?
Coqueta does offer take-out ordering.
Can I park my bike at your place?
Yes, bike parking is available at Coqueta.
Does Coqueta accept Google Play?
Coqueta does not accept Google Pay.
Does Coqueta have high chairs for babies?
Unfortunately, no information is available concerning high chairs for babies. However, Coqueta is good for kids.
Does Coqueta offer free WiFi?
Coqueta does not have free WiFi.
Does Coqueta serve alcohol?
Coqueta does serve alcohol. There is a full bar plus happy hour.
Does Coqueta take reservations?
Yes Coqueta takes reservations.
Hey, is it possible to get my wheelchair in there?
Yes, this restaurant is wheelchair accessible for its patrons.
Hi, are you guys good for group dining?
Coqueta is good for groups.
How would you describe the noise level there?
The noise level at Coqueta is average.
If your place family-friendly?
Coqueta is good for kids.
Is deliver service offered?
Coqueta offers delivery service.
Is there a TV at Coqueta?
Coqueta does not have TV.
Is there any happy hour specials in Coqueta?
Sorry, there's no happy hour offerred at this time.
Is there vegan options available here?
Yes, Coqueta has a variety of vegan options.
What are the parking options?
There is street parking and a private lot at Coqueta.
What payment methods do you accept?
Payment options available at Coqueta are cash and credit cards.
What type of atmosphere is at Coqueta?
The ambience of Coqueta is a diner designed to provide you fast and friendly service in a home away from home environment.
is outdoor seating available at Coqueta?
Yes, outdoor seating is available here.
Can I make a reservation for Cordon Bleu?
Cordon Bleu does not take reservations.
Can I make a reservation?
Cordon Bleu does not take reservations.
Can I park my bicycle at Cordon Bleu?
Yes, there is bike parking at Cordon Bleu.
Can I watch television at Cordon Bleu?
There are no TVs at Cordon Bleu.
Do you have free WiFi?
Cordon Bleu does not provide free WiFi.
Do you offer seating outside?
Cordon Bleu has no outdoor seating.
Does Cordon Bleu accept to-go orders?
Yes, Cordon Bleu offers take-out ordering.
Does Cordon Bleu have vegetarian options?
Cordon Bleu has vegetarian friendly options
Does Cordon Bleu offer happy hour specials?
Cordon Bleu does not offer happy hour.
Does Cordon Bleu offer parking?
Cordon Bleu has street parking.
Does Cordon Bleu offer take out?
This company does not.
Does Cordon Bleu serve alcohol?
Cordon Bleu does not serve alcohol.
Hey, does Cordon Bleu accept Google Pay?
No, Cordon Bleu does not accept Google Pay.
Hi, can you tell me if you guys take credit cards?
This establishment accepts cash only.
Is Cordon Bleu good for groups?
No, it is not good for groups.
Is Cordon Bleu good for kids?
Cordon Bleu is not a good place for kids.
What animals are allowed inside Cordon Bleu?
Only service animals are allowed inside.
What is the noise level at Cordon Bleu?
The noise level at Cordon Bleu is average.
What's the atmosphere like at Cordon Bleu?
The ambience of Cordon Bleu is divey and classy.
Are guests allowed to bring dogs at the Corridor Restaurant?
No.  Dogs are not allowed.
Can Corridor Restaurant accommodate a vegan diet?
Corridor Restaurant has a variety of vegan options.
Can I bring a large family?
Yes, Corridor Restaurant is good for groups.
Can I get to-go at Corridor Restaurant?
Yes, Corridor offers take-out.
Can I park my bike at your restaurant?
Yes bike can be parked at Corridor Restaurant.
Do you accept Google Pay as a payment option?
Corridor Restaurant does not accept Google Pay.
Do you deliver?
No, Delivery is not offered.
Do you have a bar?
Corridor Restaurant has full bar.
Do you have a tv there?
Yes, Corridor Restaurant does have TVs.
Do you take reservations?
Corridor Restaurant takes reservations.
Does Corridor Restaurant have a vegetarian menu?
Corridor Restaurant has vegetarian friendly options.
Does Corridor Restaurant have high chairs?
Corridor Restaurant has high chairs available for use.
Does Corridor Restaurant offer a happy hour?
Yes, it offers a happy hour.
Does Corridor Restaurant offer outdoor seating?
Corridor Restaurant does not have outdoor seating.
Does Corridor Restaurant offer vegan or vegetarian?
The offer vegan and vegetarian dishes.
Does the Corridor Restaurant accept Apple Pay?
Corridor Restaurant does not accept Apple Pay.
Hi, would you say that your restaurant is a quiet or noisy environment?
Noise level is average.
Is there parking at Corridor Restaurant?
There is only street parking at Corridor Restaurant.
Is your place wheelchair accessible?
Yes, it is wheelchair accessible.
What does wifi cost?
Yes, Corridor Restaurant has free WiFi.
What is the ambiance like?
The ambience is casual, trendy and classy.
What payment does Corridor Restaurant accept?
Corridor allows customers to pay with Apple Pay and credit cards.
Are dogs allowed at Cotogna?
Dogs are not allowed at Cotogna.
Do you accept Apple Pay as a form of payment?
Cotogna does not accept Apple Pay.
Do you have a space large enough for groups?
Cotogna is good for groups.
Do you offer any happy hour specials?
Cotogna does not offer happy hour specials.
Does Cotogna accept Google Pay?
No Cotogna doesn't accept Google Pay.
Does Cotogna accept credit cards?
Cotogna accepts credit cards.
Does Cotogna have a t.v.?
No, there are no TVs at Cotogna.
Does Cotogna offer delivery service?
Cotogna does not offer delivery service.
Does Cotogna take reservations?
Cotogna does take reservations.
Does the Cotogna  serve Alcohol?
Cotogna serves alcohol and has a full bar.
Hi, what kind of parking options do you guys have available there?
Valet and street parking are both available at Cotogna.
Is bike parking available at Cotogna?
Yes, there is bike parking.
Is it possible to get to-go food at Cotogna?
Yes, take-out ordering is offered here.
Is there free wifi available?
Yes Free WiFi is available at Cotogna.
Is there outdoor seating at Cotogna?
No, there is no outdoor seating at Cotogna.
Is this a good restaurant for kids?
No, Cotogna is not good for kids.
Is this good for a vegetarian?
Cotogna offers vegetarian options at their restaurant.
What is the ambience at Cotogna?
Ambience level is classy and trendy at Cotogna.
What is the dress code at Cotogna?
Cotogna has a casual dress code.
What's the noise level like?
Cotogna has an average noise level.
Can I park my bike at Crab House at Pier 39?
Crab House at Pier 39 does have bike parking available.
Can I use the internet there?
Free WiFi is available at Crab House at Pier 39!
Do they have high chairs for babies?
Yes, this restaurant can provide a high chair for babies.
Do y'all allow dogs there?
Crab House at Pier 39 does not allow dogs.
Do you have TV's for use?
No, there are no TVs here.
Do you have a bar in your establishment?
Yes, Crab House at Pier 39 offers a full bar.
Do you have a happy hour?
Unfortunately, Crab House at Pier 39 does not have a happy hour.
Do you take reservations?
Yes, they take reservations.
Does Crab House at Pier 39 accept Google Pay?
No, it does not accept Google Pay.
Does the Crab House accept Apple Pay?
Yes, Crab House at Pier 39 accepts Apple Pay.
Does the Crab House at Pier 39 deliver?
Crab House at Pier 39 does not have delivery services.
Does the Crab House at Pier 39 have outdoor seating?.
No, this establishment doesn't offer outdoor seating.
Hi, do you take Cryptocurrency?
Crab House at Pier 39 does not accept Cryptocurrency.
Is Crab House at Pier 39 a good place to bring a group?
Crab House at Pier 39 is good for groups.
Is Crab House at Pier 39 kid friendly?
Yes, Crab House at Pier 39 is.  They have a kid's menu and high chairs.
Is Crab House at Pier 39 wheelchair accessible?
Crab House at Pier 39 is wheelchair accessible.
Is take out offere?
Yes, Crab House at Pier 39 currently offers take out ordering as an option.
Is there parking available at the hotel?
Yes, there is a validated parking garage available at Crab House at Pier 39.
What is the atmosphere?
The ambience of Crab House at Pier 39 is touristy and classy.
What is the noise level at Crab House at Pier 39?
The noise level at Crab House at Pier 39 is average.
What payment options are accepted?
Crab House at Pier 39 accepts credit cards and Apple Pay.
Are does allowed at Craftsman and Wolves?
No, dogs are not allowed.
Are there bike options for parking available?
Bike parking is available at Craftsman and Wolves.
Can I order gluten free food there?
Yes, Craftsman and Wolves has gluten free options.
Can I watch TV at Craftsman and Wolves?
Sorry, this restaurant does not have a TV.
Do you accept Apple Pay?
Yes Craftsman and Wolves accept Apple Pay.
Do you guys take Google Pay?
Yes, Craftsman and Wolves accepts Google Pay.
Do you have free wifi there?
Yes, Craftsman and Wolves has free WiFi.
Does Craftsman and Wolves offer take out orders?
Craftsman and Wolves does offer take-out ordering.
Does Craftsman and Wolves take reservations?
Craftsman and Wolves does not take reservations.
Does the Craftsman and Wolves good for Groups?.
Craftsman and Wolves is perfect for groups.
Does the Craftsman and Wolves have Delivery options?
Yes, it has delivery service.
Does the Craftsman and Wolves have outdoor seating?.
Craftsman and Wolves does have outdoor seating.
Does your establishment service any alcohol?
Craftsman and Wolves serves wine and beer.
Does your menu include vegan and gluten free entrees?
Yes, this restaurant currently offers both vegan and gluten free options.
Is Craftsman and Wolves good for kids?
Yes, Craftsman and Wolves is kid-friendly.
Is Cryptocurrency accepted at Craftsman and Wolves?
No, Cryptocurrency is not accepted at Craftsman and Wolves.
Is there a happy house at Craftsman and Wolves?
Craftsman and Wolves does offer happy hour.
Is your place wheelchair accessible?
Craftsman and Wolves is wheelchair accessible.
What is the atmosphere of Craftsman and Wolves?
The ambiance of Craftsman and Wolves is hipster and classy.
What is the noise level at Craftsman and Wolves?
Noise level is average.
What parking options are available there?
There is street parking only at Craftsman and Wolves.
What payment options are accepted there?
Craftsman and Wolves accepts credit cards, Apple Pay and Google Pay.
Are you cash only?
Crepes On Cole accepts credit cards.
Can I make a reservation?
No, Crepes on Cole does not take reservations.
Do you guys have gratis wifi?
Crepes On Cole does not offer free WiFi.
Do you have a full bar there?
Alcohol is limited to beer and wine.
Does Crepes On Cole accept Google Pay?
Crepes On Cole does not accept Google Play.
Does Crepes On Cole have TVs?
Crepes On Cole does have TV.
Does Crepes On Cole have high chairs available for babies?
Crepes On Cole does not have high chairs, I'm afraid.
Does Crepes On Cole offer bicycle parking?
The Crepes On Cole restaurant does offer bicycle parking.
Does Crepes On Cole offer outdoor seating?
Crepes On Cole offers outdoor seating.
Does Crepes On Cole offer vegan options?
Crepes On Cole has vegan friendly options.
Does Crepes On Cole take Apple Pay?
No, it does not accept Apple Pay.
Does Crepes on Cole have street parking?
Crepes on Cole has street parking.
Good evening, I was just calling to see if you guys charge for delivery?
Of course. What place doesn't? There's a $2.99+ fee.
Is Crepes On Cole a good place for kids?
Crepes on Cole is suitable for children.
Is Crepes On Cole wheelchair accessible?
Sorry, Crepes On Cole isn't wheelchair accessible.
Is there take-out?
Crepes On Cole does offer take-out.
Is this a group friendly page?
Crepes On Cole is a good place for groups.
What is the noise level at Crepes On Cole?
Noise level at Crepes On Cole is average.
What's the mood at Crepes On Cole?
The amvience of Crepes On Cole is casual and classy.
Are groups welcomed?
Yes, Cuisine of Nepal is good for groups.
Can I bring my dog to Cuisine of Nepal?
Dogs are not allowed at the Cuisine of Nepal.
Can I eat outside at the Cuisine of Nepal?
No, this establishment doesn't offer outdoor seating.
Can I get beer or wine there?
Yes, Cuisine of Nepal serves beer and wine.
Can I make a reservation?
Cuisine of Nepal takes reservations.
Can I park my bike at your restaurant?
Yes, you are able to park your bike at Cuisine of Nepal.
Can I use Google Pay at Cuisine of Nepal?
Cuisine of Nepal does not accept Google Pay.
Do you have vegetarian options?
Cuisine of Nepal has vegetarian friendly options.
Do you offer delivery and is there a fee?
Yes, Cuisine of Nepal offers delivery. It is $2.99 for delivery.
Do you offer kid options?
Yes, it is good for kids.
Does Cuisine Nepal offer vegan friendly options?
They offer vegan friendly options at Cuisine of Nepal.
Does Cuisine of Nepal have Free Wifi?
Free WiFi is not available at Cuisine of Nepal.
Does Cuisine of Nepal have TV?
Cuisine of Nepal does not have TV
Does Cuisine of Nepal have happy hour specials?
Cuisine of Nepal does not have happy hour specials.
Does Cuisine of Nepal have high chairs available for babies?
High Chairs are not available at Cuisine of Nepal.
Good evening, is it possible to order for takeout?
Takeout ordering is available at Cuisine of Nepal.
Hey, do you guys take Apple Pay?
Cuisine of Nepal does not accept Apple Pay.
Is there street parking available here?
Street parking is available.
Is your facility wheelchair accessible?
Cuisine of Nepal is wheelchair accessible.
What is the ambience like?
The Cuisine of Nepal has a very cozy and homelike ambience.
What kind of noise level is at Cuisine of Nepal?
The noise level at Cuisine of Nepal is average.
is payment info available online at Cuisine of Nepal?
Payment info is not available online.
Are dogs allowed at De Afghanan Kabob House?
Dogs are not allowed at De Afghanan Kabob House.
Are there kids able to be there/
Yes, De Afghananan Kabob House is good for kids.
Can I get vegan food at De Afghanan Kabob House?
Yes the place does offer vegan food.
Can I get vegetarian food there?
De Afghanan Kabob House has vegetarian options available.
Can I watch tv there?
De Afghanan Kabob House does not offer television services.
Can we sit outside?
De Afghanan Kabob House does not have outdoor seating.
Do they have a happy hour?
No, this establishment doesn't offer happy hour.
Do you have bike parking?
Bike parking is available here.
Do you serve alcoholic beverages?
This restaurant does not serve alcohol.
Do you take reservations?
Unfortunately, this restaurant does not accept reservations.
Does De Afghanan Kabob House accept Apple Pay?
De Afghanan Kabob House does not accept Apply Pay.
Does De Afghanan Kabob House accept Cryptocurrency?
De Afghanan Kabob House does not accept Cryptocurrency.
Does De Afghanan Kabob House have takeout?
Yes they offer takeout as an option.
Does De Afghanan Kabob House offer delivery service?
De Afghanan Kabob House offers delivery service for a $2.99 fee.
Does De Afghanan Kabob House offer high chairs?
De Afghanan Kabob House does have high chairs.
Does De Afghanan Kabob house have street parking?
De Afghanan Kabob house has street parking.
Is WiFi available at the De Afghanan Kabob House?
De Afghanan Kabob House do not offer WiFi.
Is it a good place to bring big groups?
Yes, this place is good for groups.
Is there a dress code at De Afghanan Kabob House?
De Afghanan Kabob House does not have a specific dress code.
What is the noise level at De Afghanan Kabob House?
Noise level is average at De Afghanan Kabob House
What is your guys ambience like?
The ambience of De Afghanan Kabob House is casual and classy.
What payment options are available at De Afghanan Kabob House?
You may pay with credit card or cash at this restaurant.
does  De Afghanan Kabob House accept google pay?
De Afghanan Kabob House does not accept Google Pay.
Are there outdoor seats at Deccan Spice?
Deccan Spice does have outdoor seating.
Can I bring a larger group?
Yes, Deccan Spice is a good restaurant for groups.
Can I park my car at Deccan Spice?
There is only on street parking available at Deccan Spice.
Do you all offer Happy hour?
Deccan Spice does offer Happy Hour.
Do you allow wheel chairs?
Yes, Deccan Spice is a wheelchair accessible restaurant.
Do you serve alcohol?
Deccan Spice serves beer and wine only.
Does Deccan Spice accept Apple Pay?
Deccan Spice do not accept Apple Pay.
Does Deccan Spice accept Google Pay?
No, Google Pay is not accepted at this establishment.
Does Deccan Spice have TV?
Deccan Spice has TV.
Does Deccan Spice have a loud or noisy atmosphere?
The noise level at Deccan Spice is average.
Does Deccan Spice offer delivery service?
Yes, they offer this service
Does Deccan Spice offer free WiFi?
Deccan Spice offers free WiFi.
Does Deccan Spice offer take-out ordering?
Deccan Spice does offer take-out ordering.
Does Deccan Spice offer vegan options?
Deccan Spice does offer vegan options.
Hey, do you guys take reservations there?
Yes, Deccan Spice takes reservations.
Is Deccan Spice a good place for kids?
Deccan Spice is kid friendly.
Is smoking allowed at Deccan Spice?
No, smoking is not allowed at Deccan Spice.
Is there parking at the Deccan Spice?
You are allowed to park your bike at Deccan Spice.
What is the ambience like here?
The ambience is stated as Casual.
What type of payment methods are accepted at Deccan Spice?
Cash and credit cards are accepted at this establishment.
Can I bring my dog to Deli Board?
Dogs are allowed at the Deli Board restaurant.
Do you accept Google pay
Deli Board does not currently accept Google Pay.
Do you deliver?
Deli Board does not offer delivery.
Do you offer outdoor seating?
Yes, they have outdoor seats.
Do you serve alcohol?
No, Deli Board doesn't serve alcohol.
Does Deli Board accept payment with Apple Pay?
Deli Board accepts Apple Pay.
Does Deli Board have a TV?
No, Deli Board does not offer television.
Does Deli Board have vegan food?
This restaurant does have vegan friendly options.
Does Deli Board offer bike parking?
You can park your bike at Deli Board.
Does Deli Board take Apply Pay or Credit Cards?
Accepts credit cards and apple pay
Does Deli Board take reservations?
No. Deli Board does not take reservations.
Hey, do you guys have WiFi there?
No, the restaurant does not offer free WiFi.
Hey, would you say you guys are good for group dining?
Deli Board is not good for groups.
How would you describe the atmosphere?
The ambience of Deli Board is casual and classy.
Is there parking available at Deli Board?
Deli Board has street parking.
Is there take out available?
Deli Board offers take out as a option.
Is this place good for kids?
Deli Board is a good place for kids.
What is the noise level at Deli Board?
Noise level is average.
Can I bring my dog to Delicious Dim Sum?
Only service dogs are allowed inside Delicious Dim Sum.
Do you offer parking for bicycles?
Bike parking is not available at Delicious Dim Sum.
Do you take cryptocurrency?
No.  Delicious Dim Sum does not accept cryptocurrency.
Does Delicious Dim Sum accept Apple Pay?
Delicious Dim Sum does not accept Apple Pay.
Does Delicious Dim Sum accept Google Pay as a payment option?
Delicious Dim Sum does not accept Google Pay.
Does Delicious Dim Sum have happy hour?
Unfortunately, this restaurant does not offer happy hour.
Does Delicious Dim Sum have high chairs available for babies?
Delicious Dim Sum does not offer high chairs.
Does Delicious Dim Sum have vegetarian food?
Yes. Delicious Dim Sum offer vegeterian friendly options.
Does Delicious Dim Sum offer take-out?
This restaurant offers take-out.
Does Delicious Dim Sum serve alcohol?
Delicious Dim Sum does not serve alcohol.
Good afternoon, do you guys have a TV in the restaurant?
No, Delicious Dim Sum does not have TV.
Hey, can you tell me if you take credit cards there?
Credit cards are accepted at Delicious Dim Sum.
Hey, do you guys deliver?
No Delicious Dim Sum does not offer delivery service.
Hi, do you guys take reservations?
Delicious Dim Sum does not take reservations.
Is outdoor seating offered at Delicious Dim Sum?
No, Delicious Dim Sum doesn't offer outdoor seating.
Is there WiFi at Delicious Dim Sum?
There is no Wifi at Delicious Dim Sum.
Is this a group restaurant for groups?
Delicious Dim Sum is not ideal for groups.
Is your hotel good for families?
Yes, Delicious Dim Sum is good for kids.
What is ambience at Delicious Dim Sum?
The ambience is casual, classy.
What is the noise level like at your restaurant?
The noise level at Delicious Dim Sum is average.
Where can I park at Delicious Dim Sum?
Unfortunately, on site parking is unavailable. However, street parking is available.
Are dogs allowed at Dragon Beaux?
No, dogs are not allowed at Dragon Beaux.
Are reservations required at Dragon Beaux?
Reservations are accepted at Dragon Beaux.
Can we sit outside there?
Outdoor seating is not available at Dragon Beaux.
Do you guys take cryptocurrency?
Dragon Beaux does not accept Cryptocurrency.
Do you have high chairs for babies available?
Dragon Beaux has high chairs available for use.
Do you have t.v.?
Yes Dragon Beaux has TV.
Do you have take out?
Dragon Beaux does offer take-out ordering.
Do you offer free WiFi at Dragon Beaux?
Dragon Beaux does not have WiFi.
Does Dragon Beaux offer vegan friendly options?
Yes, Dragon Beaux does offer vegan friendly options.
Does the Beaux accept Apple Pay?.
Dragon Beaux does not accept Apple Pay.
Does the Dragon Beaux  have Delivery options?
Dragon Beaux does offer delivery.
How are you? Can I use Google pay?
Dragon Beaux does not accept Google Pay.
How is noise level at Dragon Beaux?
The noise level is loud.
Is Dragon Beaux good for groups?
Yes, it is good for groups.
Is Dragon Beaux kid friendly?
Dragon Beaux is good for kids. The staff is friendly and the atmosphere is nicer than a lot of restaurants in town.
Is Dragon Beaux okay for wheelchairs?
Dragon Beaux is a wheelchair accessible establishment.
Is smoking allowed at Dragon Beaux?
Smoking is not allowed at Dragon Beaux.
Is there a happy hour at Dragon Beaux?
Dragon Beaux does not offer happy hour.
Is there any street parking available?
Street parking is available at Dragon Beaux.
Is there bike parking there?
Dragon Beaux does not offer bicycle parking.
What is the atmosphere like at your establishment?
The ambience is casual, classy.
What kind of alcohol do you offer?
Dragon Beaux serves beer and wine only.
What payment methods are accepted at Dragon Beaux?
Dragon Beaux accepts major credit cards.
Can I connect to WiFi at DragonEats?
DragonEats does not offer WiFi.
Can you accommodate a large group?
No, DragonEats is not good for groups.
Do they take reservations?
No, they do not take reservations.
Do you accept Apple Pay?
No,  Apple Pay is not accepted.
Do you deliver?
There is no delivery service offered at DragonEats.
Do you guys offer bike parking?
Yes bike can be parked at DragonEats.
Do you have any vegan options?
DragonEats does have vegan options.
Do you serve alcohol?
No, DragonEats does not serve alcohol.
Does DragonEats have TV?
There is no TV available at DragonEats.
Does DragonEats offer take-out ordering?
Yes, DragonEats offers take-out ordering.
Hey, do you guys have outdoor seating there?
There is no outdoor seating available.
How loud is it at DragonEats?
The noise level of DragonEats is average.
Is DragonEats good for kids?
Yes, it is good for kids.
What is the ambiance of DragonEats?
The ambiance of DragonEats is casual.
What type of parking is available at Dragon Eats?
At DragonEats, street parking is available.
do you take credit cards
DragonEats takes credit cards.
Are dogs allowed at DragonEats?
No dogs at DragonEats.
Can I bring a large group?
No, it is not good for groups.
Can I pick up my order from DragonEats through the drive thru?
Pick up through the drive thru is not available at DragonEats.
Do they accept Apple Pay?
Apple Pay is not accepted at DragonEats.
Do you have a happy hour at DragonEats?
No, DragonEats is not good for happy hour.
Do you have tv?
Yes, it has TV.
Do you take Google Pay?
DragonEats does not accept Google Pay.
Does Dragon Eats have WiFi?
DragonEats does not have WiFi.
Does DragonEats have bike parking?
Bike parking is available at DragonEats.
Does DragonEats have outdoor seats?
DragonEats does not have outdoor seats.
Does DragonEats have take-out service?
DragonEats does offer take-out services.
Does DragonEats have vegan food?
Vegan friendly options is available at DragonEats.
Does DragonEats offer delivery service?
DragonEats does not offer delivery service.
Does DragonEats serve alcohol?
alcohol is not served at this hotel
Does DragonEats take reservations?
They do not take reservations.
Is DragonEats by appointment only?
Appointments are not necessary at DragonEats.
Is DragonEats kid-friendly?
Yes, DragonEats is kid-friendly.
What is the ambience like there?
Ambience is casual at DragonEats.
What is the noise level like at DragonEats?
The noise level at DragonEats is average.
What payment options are there?
DragonEats accepts cash or credit cards as forms of payment.
what vegetarian options are available at DragonEats?
DragonEats has vegetarian friendly options.
Can I bring my dog to Dumpling Alley?
Dumpling Alley does not allow to bring dogs.
Can I get delivery from Dumpling Alley?
Yes, it has delivery service.
Can I park my car at Dumpling Alley?
Parking is available at Street for Dumpling Alley customers.
Do they have happy hour?
No, Dumpling Alley doesn't have a happy hour.
Hey, do you guys do take-out?
Yes, Dumpling Alley offers take-out.
Is Dumpling Alley cash only?
Dumpling Alley accepts credit cards.
Is Dumpling Alley good for groups?
Dumpling Alley is good for groups.
Is alchohol served at Dumpling Alley?
Alcohol is not served at Dumpling Alley.
Is there WiFi access at Dumpling Alley?
WiFi is not available at Dumpling Alley.
Is there outdoor seating at Dumpling Alley?
There are no outdoor seats.
What is the ambience at Dumpling Alley like?
The ambience of Dumpling Alley is considered casual.
What's the noise level like at Dumpling Alley?
The noise level at Dumpling Alley is average.
do you have a TV
Yes Dumpling Alley has TV.
Can I pay there with Google Pay?
No, it does not accept Google Pay.
Do you accept Apple Pay?
Apple Pay is accepted at Dumpling Kitchen.
Do you guys have high chairs?
High chairs are available at Dumpling Kitchen.
Do you have a happy hour?
No Dumpling Kitchen doesn't offer happy hour.
Do you have vegan options?
Dumpling Kitchen has vegan and vegetarian friendly options.
Does Dumpling Kitchen allow dogs?
Dogs are not allowed at Dumpling Kitchen.
Does Dumpling Kitchen have TV?
Dumpling Kitchen does not have TV.
Does Dumpling Kitchen offer bike parking?
No, there is no bike parking at Dumpling Kitchen.
Does Dumpling Kitchen take reservations?
Dumpling Kitchen does not take reservations.
Good afternoon, do you guys offer free WiFI?
Dumpling Kitchen does not have free WiFi.
Hey, can you tell me what the noise level is like there?
Dumpling Kitchen is reported to have average noise level.
Is Dumpling Kitchen good for kids?
Dumpling Kitchen is good for kids.
Is Dumpling Kitchen vegan friendly?
Dumpling Kitchen has vegan friendly options.
Is outdoor seating available at Dumpling Kitchen?
Outdoor seating is not available at Dumpling Kitchen.
Is take out possible at Dumpling Kitchen?
Dumpling Kitchen offer take out ordering as a option.
Is there parking at Dumpling Kitchen?
Street parking is available at Dumpling Kitchen.
Is this place good for groups?
Dumpling Kitchen is suitable for groups.
What kind of drinks does the Dumpling Kitchen?
Dumpling Kitchen only serve Beer and wine.
What payment options does The Dumpling Kitchen accept?
The Dumpling Kitchen accepts credit cards, Apple Pay and cash.
What's the ambience there?
The restaurant has a casual, classy ambience.
Can you accommodate larger groups of people?
Ebisu is a good restaurant for groups.
Do you guys offer beer or wine?
Ebisu has wine and beer available.
Do you have a dress code?
The attire is casual at Ebisu.
Do you have free WiFi?
Free WiFi is not offered at Ebisu.
Do you offer delivery service to customers?
Ebisu does not offer delivery services.
Do you take apple pay?
Ebisu does not accept Apple Pay.
Does Ebisu have TV?
Ebisu does not have TV.
Does Ebisu have happy hour?
Yes, Ebisu offers happy hour.
Hey do you guys have any outdoor seating there?
Ebisu does not offer outdoor seating.
I was wondering if Ebisu takes reservations?
Ebisu does not accept reservations.
Is Google Pay accepted at Ebisu?
No, it does not accept Google Pay.
Is cryptocurrency taken at Ebisu?
Ebisu does not accept Cryptocurrency.
Is there any bike parking at Ebisu?
Ebisu does have bike parking.
Is your place kid-friendly?
Ebisu is good for kids.
What are the payment options at Ebisu?
Ebisu accepts credit card and cash.
What is the ambiance of the restaurant?
Ambience of Ebisu is casual and classy.
What is the noise level at Ebisu?
Noise level is average.
What kind of offering is there?
Ebisu offers take-out.
What type of parking is at Ebisu?
There is street parking at Ebisu.
Are there vegan options available at El Farolito?
Yes, there are vegan options.
Can I pay with Apple Pay?
No,  El Farolito doesn't accept Apple Pay.
Can you tell me about the noise level at your location?
The noise level at El Farolito is loud.
Do you deliver?
No, there is no delivery service.
Do you have WiFi at your location?
El Farolito does not offer WiFi service.
Do you offer a drive thru?
El Farolito does not have a drive thru.
Do you offer outdoor seating?
El Farolito does not have outdoor seating.
Do you offer reservations?
No they do not take reservations.
Does El Farolito accept Google Pay?
El Farolito does not accept Google Pay.
Does El Farolito have TV?
There is a TV at El Farolito.
Does El Farolito have happy hour specials?
Happy House is not offered at El Farolito.
Does El Farolito offer take out orders?
Take out orders are available at El Farolito.
Hi, do you serve alcohol?
Yes El farolito serves alcohol. Beer and wine only.
Is El Farolito good for groups?
El Farolito is good for groups.
Is El Farolito kid-friendly?
Yes, El Farolito is kid-friendly.
Is parking available at El Farolito?
No, parking at El Farolito is on the street.
What are the payment options at El Farolito?
Only cash is allowed at El Farolito.
What is the ambiance there?
The ambience of El Farolito is divey and classy.
are dogs allowed at el farolito?
No, dogs are not allowed in El Farolito.
do you have bike parking
Bike parking is offered.
Do you guys allow dogs?
Dogs are allowed at Fable.
Do you have a section for smoking?
No. There is no smoking section.
Do you offer outdoor seating?
Fable does have outdoor seating.
Does Fable accept Google Pay?
Fable doesn't have Google Pay as a payment option.
Does Fable have vegan food?
Yes, there are vegan options.
Does Fable offer delivery?
Yes, they do offer a delivery service.
Does Fable offer free WiFi?
Fable does not offer free WiFi.
Does Fable take reservations?
Yes, Fable takes reservations.
Hey, can you tell me about the dress code at Fable?
The attire at this restaurant is casual, with no specific dress code.
Hi, do you have a happy hour there?
Fable does have happy hour.
How is the ambiance at Fable?
The ambiance at Fable is classy.
Is Apple Pay accepted?
No Fables doesn't accept Apple Pay.
Is Fable good for groups?
Yes, Fable is good for groups.
Is Fable wheelchair accessible?
Yes Fable is wheelchair accessible.
Is TV available at Fable?
TV is not available at Fable.
Is the Fable a good choice for kids?
No, it is not good for kids.
Is there any bike parking?
Yes, there is bike parking available at Fable.
Is there take out offered?
Take-out ordering is available at Fable.
What is the noise level at Fable?
Noise level is average at Fable.
What parking does Fable offer?
There is street parking at Fable.
You accept credit cards?
Fable accepts credit cards.
what alcohol is available at Fable?
Alcohol is limited to beer and wine only at Fable.
Are there any happy hours offered?
No, there is no happy hour.
Can I bring my dog to Falafelland?
Yes, dogs are allowed.
Can I watch TV at Falafelland?
Yes, you may watch TV here.
Do I need a reservation at Falafelland?
Falafelland doesn't offer reservation for its customer.
Do you have bike parking?
Bike parking is available at Falafelland.
Do you have vegan meals?
Falafelland does have vegan options.
Do you offer outdoor seating at this restaurant?
No, there are no outdoor seats.
Do you take take out orders?
Yes, Falafelland offers take-out ordering.
Does Falafelland offer delivery service?
Delivery service is offered at Falafelland.
How's the noise at Falafelland?
The noise level at Falafelland is average.
Is Apple Pay accepted at Falafelland?
Falafelland accepts Apple Pay.
Is Falafelland kid friendly?
Falafelland is good for kids.
Is Falafelland wheelchair accesible?
Yes, it is wheelchair accessible.
Is alcohol available?
Alcohol is not served at Falafelland.
Is there WiFi at Falafelland?
Falafelland does have free WiFi.
What payment does Falafelland accept?
Falafelland accepts Apple Pay and Credit Cards.
Are guests allowed to bring dogs at Farm : Table?
Yes, Farm : Table does allow dogs.
Are kid friendly options available?
Farm : Table is not good for kids.
Are vegan options available?
Yes, Farm : Table has vegan friendly options available.
Are you able to park a bike at Farm : Table?
Yes, you are able to park a bike at Farm : Table.
Can I have delivered food from there?
No delivery service at Farm:Table.
Can I watch TV at Farm : Table?
Farm : Table does not have TV.
Do you accept credits cards or Apple Pay?
Farm : Table accepts credit cards and Apple Pay.
Do you accept reservations?
No, Farm : Table does not take reservations.
Do you allow cryptocurrency?
Farm : Table doesn't accept Cryptocurrency, but accepts lot of other payment options.
Do you take Apple Pay?
Farm: Table does accept Apple Pay.
Does Farm : Table have soy free options?
Farm: Table does not have soy free options.
Does Farm : Table have take-out available?
Farm : Table does offer take-out ordering.
Does Farm : Table have vegan options?
Yes Vegan friendly options are available at Farm:Table.
Does Farm : Table serve any alcohol?
Farm : Table does not serve any alcohol.
Does Farm Table have a classy ambience?
The ambience of Farm : Table is casual and classy.
Does Table have WiFi available?
Farm : Table does not have WiFi.
Is Farm : Table a noisy place?
Farm : Table has an average noise level.
Is outdoor seating offered at Farm : Table?
Farm : Table offers outdoor seating.
Is parking available at Farm : Table?
Parking is available at  Farm : Table.
Is the TV available at Farm : Table?
No the TV is not available.
Is your restaurant good for groups?
No, unfortunately Farm : Table does not seem to be good for groups.
do you have a happy hour
Happy hour is not available at Farm : Table.
Are dogs allowed at Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine?
Dogs are not allowed at Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine.
Can I use Google Pay to pay for services?
No, Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine does not accept Google Pay.
Do you accept Apple Pay?
Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine does accept Apple Pay.
Do you have a TV there?
There is no TV at Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine.
Do you have any happy hour specials over there?
Happy hour is available at Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine.
Do you take cryptocurrency?
Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine does not accept Cryptocurrency.
Does Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine have high chairs for babies?
Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine does have high chairs available for babies.
Does Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine have vegan options?
Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine has vegan options.
Does Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine offer outdoor seating?
Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine does not have outdoor seating.
Does Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine offer takeout?
Yes, it offers takeout.
Does Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine offer vegetarian options?
Yes, vegetarian options are available at Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine.
Does Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine take reservations?
Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine offers reservation service for its customer.
Does Farmhouse Kitchen offer WiFi?
Yes, this restaurant currently provides WiFi service.
How would you describe the atmosphere?
Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine has a casual, trendy and classy ambience.
Is Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine by appointment only?
Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine welcomes walk-in customers too.
Is Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine wheelchair accessible?
Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine is wheelchair accessible.
Is bike parking available here?
Bike parking is available at the Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine.
Is delivery service available from Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine?
Yes Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine offers delivery service.
Is the Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine suitable for groups?
Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine is suitable for groups.
Is there beer and wine there?
Beer and wine is served at Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine.
Is there parking at Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine?
Parking is available at street for Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine.
What is the noise level at Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine?
The noise level is average at Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine.
What kind of restaurant is it?
It is a family restaurant.
What payment methods are accepted at Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine?
Farmhouse kitchen Thai Cuisine accepts Apple Pay and credit cards.
Can I pay with Cryptocurrency at Fayala?
No, Fayala does not accept Cryptocurrency.
Can you accommodate a group of friends?
Fayala is suitable for groups.
Do you allow dogs there?
No dogs are allowed.
Do you offer options for vegans?
Fayala's menu include vegan friendly selections.
Do you serve alcohol?
Fayala does not serve alcohol.
Do you take Google Pay?
Fayala does not accept Google Pay.
Do you take reservations?
No they don't take reservations.
Does Fayala accept Apple Pay?
No, it does not accept Apple Pay.
Does Fayala accept credit cards?
Fayala accepts credit cards.
Does Fayala have a TV?
Fayala has television services.
Does Fayala have vegeterian friendly options?
Fayala does not have vegetarian friendly options.
Does Fayala offer delivery?
Yes, it offers delivery.
Does the Fayala offer take-out ordering?
Fayala offers take-out ordering.
Is Fayala wheel chair accessible?
Yes, Fayala is wheelchair accessible.
Is there WiFi at Fayala?
Yes, free WiFi at Fayala.
Is there bike parking available?
Yes bike can be parked at Fayala.
Is there outdoor seating at Fayala?
Yes, there is outdoor seating.
Is there street parking at Fayala?
There is street parking available at Fayala.
Is this a good place for little kids?
Fayala is good for kids.
What is the average noise level at Fayala?
Noise level is average at Fayala.
What kind of atmosphere is this?
Fayala has a casual ambience.
Are there any vegetarian pizzas at Flour + Water Pizzeria?
Yes, Flour + Water Pizzeria does have a variety of vegetarian options.
Do you guys deliver?
Yes  Flour + Water Pizzeria  offer delivery service.
Do you guys have a TV?
Yes, they have a TV.
Do you guys take reservations?
Flour + Water Pizzeria does not take reservations.
Do you have an outdoor seating area?
Yes, Flour + Water Pizzeria has outdoor seating.
Do you offer a full bar?
Flour + Water Pizzeria serves Beer & Wine Only in their establishment.
Do you serve vegan food?
Yes, there is a variety of vegan options available at Flour + Water Pizzeria.
Does Flour + Water Pizzeria have any happy hour specials?
No, Flour + Water Pizzeria has no happy hour at this time.
Hello, do you guys take credit cards there?
Flour + Water Pizzeria accepts credit cards.
Is Flour + Water Pizzeria a dine in restaurant only?
Take-out ordering is offered at Flour + Water Pizzeria.
Is Flour + Water Pizzeria good for groups?
Groups can be accommodated at Flour + Water Pizzeria.
What is the ambience at Flour + Water Pizzeria?
The ambience of Flour + Water Pizzeria is classy.
What type of parking is available at Flour + Water Pizzeria?
Street parking available at Flour + Water Pizzeria.
Are high chairs available?
High chair is available at Fog Harbor Fish House.
Can I smoke while inside?
Fog Harbor Fish House is smoke free.
Do they take reservations?
Yes, Fog Harbor Fish House does take reservations.
Does Fog Harbor Fish House allow to bring dogs?
No, dogs are not allowed at Fog Harbor Fish House.
Does Fog Harbor Fish House have a kid's menu?
Yes, Fog Harbor Fish House is a good place for kids.
Does Fog Harbor Fish House offer delivery services?
Fog Harbor Fish House does not offer delivery services.
Does the Fog Harbor Fish House accept Cryptocurrency?
No, Fog Harbor Fish House does not accept Cryptocurrency.
Does the Fog Harbor Fish House have TV?
Yes, TV is available at Fog Harbor Fish House.
Hi, can you tell me if you accept take out orders there?
Fog Harbor Fish House offer take out ordering for its customer.
Is Apple Pay accepted there?
Yes Fog Harbor Fish House accept Apple Pay.
Is Fog Harbor Fish House good for groups?
Fog Harbor Fish House is good for groups.
Is Fog Harbor Fish House wheelchair accessible?
Yes, Fog Harbor Fish House is wheelchair accessible.
Is Google Pay accepted at Fog Harbor Fish House?
Google Pay is accepted at Fog Harbor Fish House.
Is outdoor seating offered there?
Fog Harbor Fish House has outdoor seats where you can eat and take in a beautiful waterfront view.
Is there a car parking at Fog Harbor Fish House?
Yes car can be parked at Fog Harbor Fish House.
Is there bike parking available?
Fog Harbor Fish House has bike parking.
Is there free WiFi available?
Free WiFi is available at Fog Harbor Fish House.
What is the at the fish house?
Fog Harbor Fish House has a touristy and classy ambience.
What's the noise level at Fog Harbor Fish House?
The noise level is average.
Which cards do you take?
Fog Harbor Fish House accepts credit cards, Apple Pay and Google Pay.
do you have happy hour
Fog Harbor Fish House does offer happy hour.
Are dogs allowed at your restaurant?
Dogs are not allowed at Foreign Cinema.
Are high chairs available for babies at Foreign Cinema?
Yes high chairs available for babies at Foreign Cinema.
Can I just come in?
Foreign Cinema is by appointment only.
Can I make an order to go?
Take-out ordering is not offered at Foreign Cinema.
Can I park at Foreign Cinema?
You will have to find street parking near Foreign Cinema they do not have a parking lot.
Can I park my bike at Foreign Cinema?
No, There is no bike parking.
Can you tell me about the ambiance at this restaurant?
Romantic and Classy is the ambience of Foreign Cinema.
Do I need a reservation?
Foreign Cinema does take reservations
Do you take Google Pay?
No, unfortunately Foreign Cinema does not accept Google Pay.
Does Foreign Cinema have TVs?
No, Foreign Cinema does not have TVs.
Does Foreign Cinema serve alcohol?
Foreign Cinema serve alcohol at full bar.
Good day, I wanted to know if you guys accept Apple Pay.
No, Apple pay isn't accepted.
Hey, do you guys have any vegan options available there?
Vegan options are available at Foreign Cinema.
How is the dress code at Foreign Cinema?
Dress code is casual at Foreign Cinema.
How noisy is Foreign Cinema?
The noise level at Foreign Cinema is average.
Is Foreign Cinema a goog option for kids?
Foreign Cinema is perfect for kids with numerous activities.
Is delivery and take-out offered at Foreign Cinema?
Foreign Cinema offers delivery and take-out.
Is there a happy hour at Foreign Cinema?
Foreign Cinema does not have happy hour.
Is there free wifi at Foreign Cinema?
Free WiFi is available at Foreign Cinema.
Is there outdoor seating available at Foreign Cinema?
Foreign Cinema does have outdoor seating.
Is there smoking allowed/
There is outdoor seating but Foreign Cinema does not allow smoking.
Is this a good place for a group event?
Foreign Cinema is good for groups.
What forms of payment are accepted.
Currently, credit cards are accepted at this establishment.
Are dogs allowed at your establishment?
Dogs are not allowed at Franciscan Crab Restaurant.
Are reservations required at Franciscan Crab Restaurant?
Yes, it takes reservations.
Are there alcoholic beverages served at Franciscan Crab Restaurant?
Yes, a full bar.
Are you guys good for groups?
Franciscan Crab Restaurant is good for groups.
Do you accept Apple Pay at this location?
Franciscan Crab Restaurant does accept Apple Pay.
Do you accept Cryptocurrency as a payment option at this restaurant?
Cryptocurrency is not accepted as a form of payment at Franciscan Crab Restaurant.
Do you have TV?
TV is not available at Franciscan Crab Restaurant.
Do you have a nice happy hour?
Yes, they offer happy hour with a full bar.
Do you validate parking at this restaurant?
Validated parking is available at Franciscan Crab Restaurant.
Does Franciscan Crab Restaurant accept Google Pay as payment method?
Franciscan Crab Restaurant does not accept Google Pay.
Does Franciscan Crab Restaurant have free WiFi?
Franciscan Crab Restaurant has free WiFi available.
Does Franciscan Crab Restaurant have gluten free options?
Franciscan Crab Restaurant does not have gluten-free options.
Does Franciscan Crab Restaurant offer delivery service?
Franciscan Crab Restaurant does not offer delivery service.
Does Franciscan Crab Restaurant offer high chairs?
Yes. High chairs are available.
Is Franciscan Crab Restaurant good for children?
Franciscan Crab Restaurant is good for kids.
Is it loud at Franciscan Crab Restaurant?
The noise level is average at Franciscan Crab Restaurant.
Is the Franciscan Crab Restaurant wheelchair accessible?
Yes Franciscan Crab Restaurant is wheelchair accessible.
Is there bicycle parking at Franciscan Crab Restaurant?
Yes, there is bicycle parking at Franciscan Crab Restaurant.
What are the hours of Franciscan Crab Restaurant?
Due to ongoing precautionary measures, please contact the business directly for updated hours and availability.
What do you accept as payment?
Franciscan Crab Restaurant accepts cash, credit cards, and Apple Pay.
What is the ambience at Franciscan Crab Restaurant?
The ambience of Franciscan Crab Restaurant is touristy, yet classy.
do you have takeout
Franciscan Crab Restaurant offers takeout.
Are cash and credit cards accepted as payment options at Frascati?
Cash and credit cards are accepted as payment options at Frascati.
Do you accept reservations?
Yes, Frascati does take reservations.
Do you have TV's?
Frascati do not have TV.
Do you have a place to park my bike?
Frascati does not have bike parking.
Do you have any happy hour specials?
Happy hour is not available at Frascati.
Do you have take out?
Take-out ordering is available at Frascati.
Does Frascati allow dogs?
Frascati does not allow its customers to bring their dogs.
Does Frascati offer delivery?
Delivery service is not offered at Frascati.
Does Frascati offer free WiFi?
No, Frascati does not offer free WiFi.
Does Frascati serve alcohol?
Frascati serves beer and wine only.
Is Apple Pay okay?
Apple Pay is not accepted at Frascati.
Is Frascati a good place for groups?
Frascati is good for groups.
Is cryptocurrency accepted at Frascati?
No, cryptocurrency is not accepted at Frascati.
Is it casual or formal attire?
Casual attire is acceptable at Frascati.
Is there outdoor seating at Frascati?
No, there is no outdoor seating at Frascati.
Is there street parking offered?
Street parking is available at Frascati.
What is the ambience of Frascati?
The ambience of Frascati is romantic and classy.
What is the typical noise level?
Frascati has an average noise level.
Will my kids like it?
Yes  Frascati is good for kids.
Are reservations accepted at Frisco Fried?
No, it does not take reservations.
Are there outdoor seats at Frisco Fried?
No, there are no outdoor seats.
Can I order takeout from Frisco Fried?
Yes, it offers takeout.
Do you guys offer delivery service?
Frisco Fried offers delivery service for its customers.
Do you have TV there?
Frisco Fried does have televisions.
Does Frisco Fried accept Apple Pay?
No Frisco Fried doesn't accept Apple Pay.
Hey, do you guy serve beer there?
There is no alcohol.
Is Frisco Fried kid friendly?
Frisco Fried is good for kids.
Is it good for groups there?
Frisco Fried is good for groups.
Is there bike parking?
Bike parking is available at Frisco Fried.
Is there free WiFi available?
WiFi is available for free at Frisco Fried.
What is the ambience at Frisco Fried?
The ambience of Frisco Fried is considered casual.
What kind of parking is available?
Frisco Fried has street parking available.
What kind of payment does Frisco Fried accept?
Frisco Fried accepts credit cards.
What's the noise level at Frisco Fried?
Average noise level at Frisco Fried.
Are there vegan options at Glaze Teriyaki?
Yes, there are vegan options.
Are you guys open today?
Due to ongoing precautionary measures, please contact the business directly for updated hours and availability.
Do you deliver?
Glaze Teriyaki does offer delivery service.
Do you offer take-out?
Glaze Teriyaki does offer take-out ordering.
Do you serve alcohol at your restaurant?
Glaze Teriyaki does serve alcohol, however, they serve only beer and wine.
Do you take reseravtions?
No, that isnt on the list of mentions.
Does Glaze Teriyaki offer happy hour?
Glaze Teriyaki does not have a happy hour.
Does Glaze Teriyaki take reservations?
Glaze Teriyaki does not take reservations.
Good afternoon, I am looking for a table for a lunch with my boss. What's the atmosphere like?
The ambience of Glaze Teriyaki is average.
Hey, good afternoon. Do you guys allow dogs there?
Glaze Teriyaki is not dog friendly zone.
Is Apple pay accepted?
Glaze Teriyaki does not accept Apple Pay.
Is it ok to bring my kids?
Yes, Glaze Teriyaki is kid-friendly.
Is there a TV there?
No, there is no TV.
Is there bike parking at Glaze Teriyaki?
Bike parking is available at Glaze Teriyaki.
Is there parking at Glaze Teriyaki?
No, there is only street parking at Glaze Teriyaki.
Is wifi available?
Glaze Teriyaki does offer free WiFi.
Is your place super loud?
The noise level at Glaze Teriyaki is average.
This is place large enough for groups?
Glaze Teriyaki is good for groups.
What type of payment does Glaze Teriyaki accept?
Glaze Teriyaki accepts cash or major credit cards.
Are dogs allowed at Golden State Grill?
Dogs are not allowed at Golden State Grill.
Are you able to provide any delivery services?
Golden State Grill does not offer delivery service.
Can I make a reservation?
Golden State Grill does take reservations.
Do you have TV?
Golden State Grill has TV.
Do you have happy hour?
Yes, Golden State Grill has a happy hour.
Is Apple Pay accepted at Golden State Grill?
Apple Pay is accepted at Golden State Grill.
Is Golden State Grill by appointment only?
You don't need an appointment at Golden State Grill.
Is Golden State Grill good for groups?
According to amenities and reviews, it is good for groups
Is Golden State Grill good for kids?
Golden State Grill is kid friendly.
Is outdoor seating available at Golden State Grill?
No, there is no outdoor seating at Golden State Grill.
Is there free WIFI?
Free WiFi is offered at Golden State Grill.
Is there parking available for bikes at Golden State Grill?
You can park your bike at Golden State Grill.
Is there street parking available?
Golden State Grill offers street parking.
Is there take out available at Golden State Grill?
Take out ordering is available at Golden State Grill.
Is your restaurant wheelchair accessible?
Yes, it is wheelchair accessible.
What cards do you take?
It accepts credit cards and Apple Pay.
What is the ambience at Golden State Grill?
Ambience is casual at Golden State Grill.
What is the noise level at Golden State Grill?
The noise level at Golden State Grill is average.
Will there be alcohol available there?
Golden State Grill serves beer and wine only.
Do you allow dogs?
No, it mentions nothing about dogs.
Do you guys accept apple pay?
Good Duck Dim Sum does not accept Apple Pay.
Do you have kid options?
Good Luck Dim Sum is good for kids.
Do you have space for groups
Good Luck Dim Sum is not suitable for groups.
Does Good Luck Dim Sum accept credit cards?
Only cash is accepted at Good Luck Dim Sum.
Does Good Luck Dim Sum have bike parking?
Bike parking is offered at Good Luck Dim Sum.
Does Good Luck Dim Sum serve alcohol?
No Good Luck Dim Sum doesn't serve alcohol.
Does the Good Luck Dim Sum have Delivery options?
No, Good Luck Dim Sum doesn't offer delivery.
Does the Good Luck Dim Sum have wheelchair accessible?
Yes Good Luck Dim Sum is wheelchair accessible.
Does the Good Luck Dim Sum take reservations?.
Good Luck Dim Sum does not take reservations.
Hey, do you guys offer WiFi for customers there?
No, there is no WiFi available here.
Is there outdoor seating there?
No, there is no outdoor seating.
Is there parking?
No, street parking only.
Is there tv to watch?
Good Luck Dim Sum does not have TV.
What is the ambience of Good Luck Dim Sum?
It is casual, classy.
What is the noise level at Good Luck Dim Sum?
The noise level is average.
What time is your happy hour?
Good Luck Dim Sum does not offer happy hour services.
What type of payment does Good Luck Dim Sum accept?
Good Luck Dim Sum doesn't accept Google Pay, only accepts cash.
do you have take out
The Good Luck Dim Sum restaurant offers food for take-out.
Are dogs allowed at Good Mong Kok Bakery?
No, dogs are not allowed.
Are you able to serve groups of people?
No, it is not good for groups.
Can I make a dinner reservation for this evening?
Good Mong Kok Bakery does not take reservations.
Can I park at Good Mong Kok Bakery?
It is not specify if you can park at the Good Mong Kok Bakery.
Do you accept Apple Pay?
No, Good Mong Kok Bakery doesn't accept Apple Pay.
Do you accept Apple Pay?
It accepts credit cards.  No Google Pay or Apple Pay.
Do you guys offer bike parking?
No, bike parking is not available at Good Mong Kok Bakery.
Do you have wifi there?
Good Mong Kok Bakery does not have WiF.
Do you offer take out ordering?
Good Mong Kok Bakery does offer take-out ordering.
Does Good Mong Kok Bakery offer delivery service?
Good Mong Kok Bakery does not offer delivery service.
Does Good Mong Kok Bakery offer happy hour?
No Good Mong Kok Bakery doesn't offer happy hour.
Does Good Mong Kok Bakery serve alcohol?
No, it does not serve alcohol.
Does your bakery accept Google Pay?
No Good Mong Kok Bakery doesn't accept Google Pay.
Is it possible to book a table for an outdoor area?
No, Good Mong Kok Bakery does not have outdoor seating.
Is it very loud at Good Mong Kok Bakery?
The noise level at Good Mong Kok Bakery is average.
Is the Good Mong Kok Bakery a good place for kids?
Good Mong Kok Bakery is perfect for kids.
Is there a specific dress code at Good Mong Kok Bakery?
There is no dress code at Good Mong Kok Bakery.
What is the ambiance of your place?
The ambience of this restaurant is causal and classy.
Will I be able to watch TV there?
Yes Good Mong Kok Bakery have TV.
Can I take my poodle to Gozu?
Dogs are not allowed at Gozu.
Do you guys take credit cards?
Credit cards are accepted at Gozu.
Does Gozu offer live music?
Gozu does not offer live music.
Does Gozu serve alcohol?
Gozu offers a selection of alcoholic beverages.
Does Gozu take reservations?
Yes, this place takes reservations.
Does does offer delivery service?
Gozu does not offer delivery service.
Does the Gozu offer Free Wifi?
Gozu has free Wifi services available.
If I come into your establishment does Gozu have TV service available?
Gozu does not have TV.
Is outdoor seating offered there?
Gozu does not offer outdoor seating.
Is the restaurant wheelchair accessible?
Gozu is wheelchair accessible.
What is the atmosphere like at Gozu?
Classy is the ambience of Gozu.
What kind of parking is offered?
You may park your car at Gozu but like everywhere in San Francisco, it's street parking.
Are there any Tv's?
There is a television at Great Mongolia Nomads Restaurant.
Can I get to-go at Great Mongolia Nomads Restaurant?
Yes, it offers takeout.
Do yall deliver?
Yes Great Mongolia Nomads Restaurant offers delivery service.
Does Great Mongolia Nomads Restaurant take reservations?
Yes, it takes reservations.
Hey, are you guys good for watching the games at?
Yes, cause it has tv
Are vegetarian options available?
Vegetarian option is available at Grubbin'.
Can I make a reservation at this restaurant?
Grubbin' doesn't offer reservation service.
Can I park at Grubbin'?
Grubbin has street parking.
Can I park my bicycle at Grubbin'?
Yes, bicycle parking at Grubbin'.
Can I pick up my order from Grubbin' through the drive thru?
No, there's no drive thru available at Grubbin'.
Do you allow dogs?
No, dogs are not allowed at Grubbin'.
Do you guys accept google pay?
They accept Google Pay.
Do you have free WiFi?
Grubbin' offers free WiFi.
Do you have happy hour?
Grubbin' does not have happy hour services.
Do you offer vegan options?
Yes, this restaurant currently provides vegan and vegetarian options.
Do you only offer sit down options?
Grubbin' offers delivery and take-out.
Does Grubbin accept Cryptocurrency?
No Grubbin doesn't accept Cryptocurrency.
Does Grubbin' have tv?
Yes. Grubbin' have TV.
Does Grubbin' have wheelchair access?
Yes, Grubbin' is wheelchair accessible.
Does Grubbin' offer delivery service?
Grubbin' offers delivery service for its customers.
Does Grubbin' offer live music?
Grubbin' does not offer live music.
Does Grubbin' serve alcohol?
Grubbin' does not serve alcohol.
How is the ambience of Grubbin'?
The ambience of Grubbin' is casual, classy.
Is Apple Pay taken at Grubbin'?
Apple Pay is accepted at Grubbin'.
Is Grubbin' good for groups?
Yes, it is good for groups.
Is Grubbin' good for kids?
Grubbin' is a good place for kids.
Is there outdoor seating available?
No outdoor seating is not available at Grubbin.
What is the noise level at Grubbin's?
The noise level at Grubbin' is average.
What payment types are accepted at Grubbin?
Grubbin' accept cash,credit cards,Google Pay, and Apple pay.a
Are dogs allowed at Han Il Kwan?
Han Il Kwan is not dog friendly area.
Can I get alcohol at Han Il Kwan?
Alcohol is limited to beer and wine at Han Il Kwan.
Can I park my bicycle at Han Il Kwan?
No bicycle parking at Han II Kwan.
Do you accept Google Pay?
No, Han Il Kwan does not accept Google Pay.
Do you deliver or do take-out?
Han II Kwan offers delivery and take-out.
Do you guys do delivery?
Han Il Kwan offers delivery service.
Do you have a TV available?
Yes. They have TV.
Do you have public parking?
There is parking available at Han Il Kwan.
Does Han II Kwan have a television?
No, that isnt on the list of services.
Does Han Il Kwan take reservations?
Yes, it does take reservations.
Does Han ll Kwan accept Apple Pay?
No, it does not accept Apple Pay.
Is Han Il Kwan good for groups?
Han II Kwan is good for groups.
Is WiFi available at Han II Kwan?
WiFi is not available at Han II Kwan.
Is it an ok place to take kids?
Han II Kwan is suitable for children.
Is there outdoor seating there?
Outdoor seating is not available at Han ll Kwan.
What can I pay my bill with?
Han Il Kwan accepts cash and credit cards.
What is the ambience at Han II Kwan?
The ambience of Han Il Kwan is casual and classy.
What is the average noise level at Han Il Kwan?
Average noise level at Han Il Kwan.
Am I able to pay using Apple Pay?
Hard Knox Cafe does not accept Apple Pay.
Are dogs allow at Hard Knox Cafe?
Dogs are not allow at Hard Knox Cafe.
Do you have happy hour?
Hard Knox Cafe does allow Happy Hour.
Do you have have wheelchair access?
This restaurant is wheelchair accessible.
Do you have seating outside?
Hard Knox Cafe does not have outdoor seats.
Do you offer delivery?
Hard Knox Cafe does not offer delivery.
Does Hard Knox Cafe accept Google Pay?
Hard Knox Cafe does not accept Google Pay.
Does Hard Knox Cafe have soy free options?
Hard Knox Cafe does not have soy free options.
Does Hard Knox Cafe take reservations?
Hard Knox Cafe does not take reservations.
Does the Hard Knox Cafe have TV?
Hard Knox Cafe has television services.
Dose Hard Knox Cafe serve cocktails?
Hard Knox Cafe has a full bar.
Hey, do you guys offer any vegan dishes there?
Hard Knox Cafe has vegan friendly options.
Is Hard Knox Cafe kid friendly?
The Hard Knox Cafe is good for kids.
Is Street parking available at Hard Knox Cafe?
Street parking is available at Hard Knox Cafe.
Is bike parking allowed at Hard Knox Cafe?
Yes, bike parking is allowed.
Is the Hard Knox Cafe a good place for a group of people?
Hard Knox Cafe is good for groups.
Is there food for takeout?
Yes, it offers takeout.
Is there wifi available here?
Free WiFi is not available at Hard Knox Cafe.
What is the atmosphere?
The ambience of Hard Knox Cafe is casual.
What is the noise level at Hard Knox Cafe?
Noise level is average at Hard Knox Cafe.
What payment methods does Hard Knox Cafe accept?
The payment options available at Hard Knox Cafe are cash and credit cards.
Are reservations accepted at Hard Knox Cafe?
Reservations are accepted at Hard Knox Cafe.
Are there high chairs there?
Hard Knox Cafe does have high chairs available for babies.
Can I bring my dog to the Hard Knox Cafe?
No, dogs are not allowed at Hard Knox Cafe.
Can I order delivery from Hard Knox Cafe?
Customers may order delivery at Hard Knox Cafe.
Can I pick up my order from Hard Knox Cafe through the drive thru?
Hard Knox Cafe doesn't have a drive-thru.
Do you allow kids there?
Hard Knox Cafe is perfect for kids!
Do you guys have TVs?
Yes, Hard Knox Cafe does have TVs.
Do you have any tables big enough for a group of twelve?
Hard Knox Cafe is suitable for groups.
Do you offer take-out?
Yes, take-out is offered.
Does Hard Knox Cafe accept Google Pay?
Hard Knox Cafe does not accept Google Pay.
Does Hard Knox Cafe serve alcohol?
Hard Knox Cafe serves beer and wine.
Does the Hard Knox Cafe have a happy hour?
Happy Hour is not offered at Hard Knox Cafe.
How is the ambience of Hard Knox Cafe?
The ambience is casual & classy for Hard Knox Cafe.
Is Apple Pay accepted here?
Hard Knox Cafe does not accept Apple Pay.
Is Hard Knox Cafe by appointment only?
Hard Knox Cafe is not by appointment only.
Is outdoor seating available?
No, outdoor seating is not available at Hard Knox Cafe.
Is street parking available at Hard Knox Cafe?
Street parking is available at Hard Knox Cafe.
Is there bike parking at Hard Knox Cafe?
Yes. There is bike parking.
Is wifi available for a working lunch?
Hard Knox Cafe does not have WiFi.
What is the noise level at Hard Knox Cafe?
The noise level at Hard Knox Cafe is average.
What payment options are available?
The payment options available at Hard Knox Cafe are cash and credit cards.
Can I dine outside at Helmand Palace?
Outdoor seating is not offered at Helmand Palace.
Can I order delivery from Helmand Palace?
Yes, Helmand Place offers delivery.
Do you guys allow dogs?
Helmand Palace does not allow dogs.
Do you have t.v.?
No. in the amenities section on Yelp for this establishment it lists that there is no TV.
Do you offer happy hour specials?
There is no happy hour at Helmand Palace.
Do you take reservations?
Yes, reservations are accepted.
Does Helmand Palace accept credit cards?
Helmand Palace does accept credit card payments.
Does Helmand Palace have halal options?
Helmand Palace doesn't have halal.
Does Helmand Palace have vegetarian options?
Helmand Palace offers vegetarian options.
Does Helmand Palace offer free wifi?
Helmand Palace does not offer free Wifi.
Does Helmand Palace offer garage parking?
Street parking only at Helmand Palace.
Hi, do y'all accept take-out orders?
They do accept take-out orders.
How is the ambience at Helmand Palace?
The ambience at Helmand Palace is considered classy.
I only have Apple Pay with me do you accept that?
Helmand Palace does not accept Apple Pay.
Is Helmand Palace a good restaurant for groups?
Helmand Palace is a good restaurant for groups.
Is Helmand Palace good for kids?
Yes, it is good for kids.
What is the noise level at Helmand Palace?
Helmand Palace noise level is quiet.
What types of alcohol is available at Helmand Palace?
Helmand  Palace serves beer and wine only.
Where should I park?
Street parking is available for cars at Helmand Palace.
what payment options are not available at Helmand Palace?
Helmand Palace does not accept Google Pay.
Can I get vegan food there?
Yes, this restaurant currently vegan, vegetarian and soy free options.
Do you accept Google Pay?
Google Pay is not accepted as a form of payment at Hinodeya Ramen Bar.
Do you guys offer happy hour?
No, Hinodeya Ramen Bar does not offer happy hour.
Do you have anything on your menu for my vegan friend?
Hinodeya Ramen Bar has vegan and vegetarian friendly options.
Do you take reservations?
No, It is first come first serve at Hinodeya Ramen Bar.
Does Hinodeya Ramen Bar have outdoor seating?
No, there is no outdoor seating.
Does Hinodeya Ramen Bar offer highchairs for babies?
Hinodeya Ramen Bar offers highchairs for babies.
Does Hinodeya Ramen Bar offer soy free options?
Hinodeya Ramen Bar has soy free options.
Does Hinodeya Ramen Bar serve alcohol
Hinodeya Ramen Bar serves wine and beer.
Does the Hinodeya Ramen Bar allow dogs?
Hinodeya Ramen Bar allows dogs.
Hey, is it possible to place a take-out order?
They offer take-out orders at Hinodeya Ramen Bar.
Hey, what's the noise level usually like there?
Average noise level at Hinodeya Ramen Bar.
I was wondering if you take Cryptocurrency?
Hinodeya Ramen Bar does not accept Cryptocurrency.
Is Apple Pay accepted?
No, Apple Pay isn't accepted at Hinodeya Ramen Bar.
Is Hinodeya Ramen Bar suitable for children?
Hinodeya Ramen Bar is suitable for children.
Is Hinodeya Ramen Bar wheelchair accessible?
Yes, Hinodeya Ramen Bar is wheelchair accessible.
Is delivery service offered at Hinodeya Ramen Bar?
Yes  Hinodeya Ramen Bar offesr delivery service.
Is there WiFi at Hinodeya Ramen Bar?
WiFi is not available at Hinodeya Ramen Bar.
Is there a TV at Hinodeya Ramen Bar?
No, Hinodeya Ramen Bar doesn't have TV available.
Is there bike parking at Hinodeya Ramen Bar?
Hinodeya Ramen Bar does not offer bike parking.
Is this a good place for groups?
Yes, good for groups.
What kind of atmosphere is this?
Hinodeya Ramen Bar has a casual and trendy ambiance.
What kind of parking do you have there?
Street and garage parking is available at Hinodeya Ramen Bar.
What payment options are available at Hinodeya Ramen Bar?
The payment options available at Hinodeya Ramen Bar are cash and credit cards.
Are dogs allowed at your establishment?
No, dogs aren't allowed at Hogwash.
Can I make a reservation for tomorrow?
Hogwash does not take reservations.
Can I park my bicycle at Hogwash?
Hogwash does not offer bike parking.
Can I park on the street?
Yes, there is street parking at this restaurant.
Can I pay for my meal with crypto?
Hogwash does not accept Cryptocurrency.
Can I plan a party there?
Hogwash is good for groups.
Do you accept Apple Pay?
Hogwash accepts Credit Cards but not google pay, nor apple pay and Cryptocurrency.
Do you have a place to eat outside?
Unfortunately, Hogwash does not offer outdoor seating to its patrons.
Do you have any vegan menu options?
Yes, Hogwash does have vegan options.
Do you have delivery service available?
No Hogwash doesn't offer delivery service.
Do you have happy hour specials?
Happy hour is offered at Hogwash.
Does Hogwash accept Apple Pay from their customers?
Apple Pay is not accepted at Hogwash.
Does Hogwash have TVs?
The Hogwash does have TV.
Does Hogwash have any vegan options?
Hogwash has vegan and vegetarian friendly options.
Does Hogwash offer live music?
Hogwash does not offer live music.
Does your establishment offer free WiFi?
Hogwash does offer free WiFi.
Is Google Pay accepted there?
Hogwash does not accept Google Pay.
Is Hogwash kid friendly?
No, Hogwash is not a good place for kids.
Is Hogwash wheelchair accessible?
Hogwash is wheelchair accessible.
Is take-out ordering available at Hogwash?
Hogwash does offer take-out ordering.
Is there smoking at Hogwash?
Smoking is prohibited at Hogwash.
What is the ambience of Hogwash?
Hogwash has a hipster, casual, trendy, and classy ambiance.
What is the noise level at Hogwash?
The noise level at Hogwash is average.
What type of alcohol is served at Hogwash?
Hogwash serves beer and wine only.
Are dogs allowed at Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant?
No, dogs are prohibited from Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant.
Can I park my bike at Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant?
Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant does have bike parking.
Do you have TVs there?
Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant does not have a TV.
Do you have a happy hour?
No, there is no happy hour.
Do you offer vegan options?
Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant does offer free WiFi services.
Do you serve alcohol?
Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant offers beer and wine.
Does Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant accept Apple Pay?
Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant does not accept Apple Pay.
Does Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant accept Google Pay?
No. Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant does not accept Google Pay.
Does Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant accept credit cards?
Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant accepts credit cards.
Does Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant offer delivery and/or take-out?
Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant offers delivery and take-out.
Does Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant take reservations?
Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant does not take reservations.
Is Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant good for groups?
Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant is good for groups.
Is it good for kids at Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant?
Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant is good for kids, as they have a play area and nearby businesses that provide children with activities.
Is it noisy at Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant?
Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant has an average noise level.
Is it possible to get food delivered from Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant?
Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant does offer delivery services.
Is the Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant good?
restaurant very good
Is there a specific dress code at Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant?
There is not a dress code at Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant.
Is there outdoor seating at Hong Clay Pot Restaurant?
There is no outdoor seating at Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant.
What is the atmosphere at Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant?
The ambience of Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant is considered casual and classy.
What parking options are available?
There is garage and street parking.
Are there any vegan friendly options available at Hops & Hominy?
Vegan friendly options are available at Hops & Hominy.
Can I use Google Pay or a credit card at Hops & Hominy.
Hops & Hominy doesn't accept Google pay, but it accepts credit card.
Do you accept Apple Pay?
No, it does not accept Apple Pay.
Do you accept cryptocurrency?
Hops & Hominy does not accept cryptocurrency.
Do you have any TVs?
Yes, TV is available at Hops & Hominy.
Do you have high chairs available at your location?
Hops & Hominy has high chairs available.
Do you take reservations?
Hops & Hominy has reservations services.
Does Hops & Hominy deliver?
Hops & Hominy offers delivery service.
Does Hops & Hominy have bike parking?
Bike parking is available at Hops & Hominy.
Does Hops have happy hou?
Hops & Hominy offers happy hours.
Does the Hops & Hominy  offer Alcohol?
Hops & Hominy has a full bar.
Hello does your establishment offer take-out?
Hops & Hominy offers take-out and delivery online.
Hey, do you guys take credit cards there?
Hops & Hominy accepts credit cards.
Is Hops & Hominy a good place for kids?
Hops & Hominy is good for kids.
Is Hops & Hominy good for groups?
Yes, it is good for groups and even offers group bookings.
Is there WiFi at Hops & Hominy?
Hops & Hominy does not offer WiFi.
Is there outdoor seating available at Hops & Hominy?
Yes, there is outdoor seating.
Is your place pet friendly?
Dogs are allowed at Hops & Hominy.
What is the ambience at Hope & Hominy?
Hops & Hominy has a classy and trendy ambiance.
What's the nose level like there?
The noise level at Hops & Hominy is loud.
Where should I park?
There is parking at  Hops & Hominy.
do you have vegetarian options
Yes, vegetarian options are available at Hops & Hominy.
Can dogs come to Hot Sauce and Panko?
No, dogs are prohibited at Hot Sauce and Panko.
Do you do take-out?
Yes, Hot Sauce and Panko offers take-out.
Do you have outdoor seating?
No, there is no outdoor seating at this place.
Do you take Apple Pay?
Hot Sauce and Panko supports Apple Pay as payment.
Does Hot Sauce and Panko have gluten free options?
Hot Sauce and Panko does not offer any gluten-free options.
Does Hot Sauce and Panko offer delivery for orders?
Hot Sauce and Panko has delivery service available to customers.
Does Hot Sauce and Panko serve alcohol?
Alcohol is not served at Hot Sauce and Panko.
Good afternoon, are you guys good for group dining?
Hot Sauce and Panko is not suitable for groups.
Good afternoon, do you guys take reservations?
Hot Sauce and Panko does not take reservations.
Hey, what's the noise level usually like there?
The noise level is average at Hot Sauce and Panko.
Hi, do you guys offer WiFi for customers there?
Hot Sauce and Panko does not have WiFi services.
Is Google Pay accepted?
No, Hot Sauce and Panko does not accept Google Pay.
Is there parking at Hot Sauce and Panko?
There is limited, street parking at Hot Sauce and Panko.
Is there somewhere to park my bike?
Yes, bike parking is available at Hot Sauce and Panko.
Is your facility family-friendly?
Hot Sauce and Panko is good for kids.
What payment methods does Hot Sauce and Panko take?
Hot Sauce and Panko accepts credit cards and Apple Pay.
What time does happy hour start?
Happy hour is not offered at Hot Sauce and Panko.
What's the ambience like at Hot Sauce and Panko?
Hot Sauce and Panko has a casual ambience.
is a tv available?
No Hot Sauce and Panko doesn;t have TV.
Are there any vegetarian menu items at Hunan Home's Restaurant?
Yes, Hunan Home's Restaurant does have vegetarian options available.
Can Hunan Home's Restaurant patrons pay via Google Pay?
Hunan Home's Restaurant will accept credit card payments, but does not accept Google Pay.
Do they accept Apple Pay
They do not accept Apple Pay.
Do you guys have TV?
Hunan Home's Restaurant does not have TV.
Do you have a happy hour there?
Hunan Home's Restaurant does not offer happy hour.
Do you offer delivery?
Hunan Home's Restaurant does not have delivery service.
Do you offer free WiFi?
Hunan Home's Restaurant does have free WiFi services.
Do you take Google Pay?
Google Pay is not accepted at Hunan Home's Restaurant.
Does Hunan Home's Restaurant accept reservations?
Hunan Home's Restaurant does not offer reservation services.
Does Hunan Home's Restaurant have high chairs available for babies?
No, Hunan Home's Restaurant does not have high chairs available for babies.
Does Hunan Home's Restaurant have soy free options?
Hunan Home's Restaurant does not offer any soy-free options.
Does Hunan Home's Restaurant have vegan options?
Hunan Home's Restaurant is a sit-down Chinese restaurant with vegan friendly options.
Does Hunan Home's Restaurant offer take out ordering?
Hunan Home's Restaurant does offer take out ordering.
Does Hunan Home's Restaurant serve alcohol?
Hunan Home's Restaurant serves beer and wine only.
Does your place accept cryptocurrency?
Hunan Home's Restaurant does not accept Cryptocurrency.
Hey, how are you? Do you guys offer bike parking?
Hunan Home's Restaurant does not have bike parking.
How would you describe the atmosphere?
This restaurant has a casual ambience.
Is Hunan a good option for group dinner?
Hunan Home's Restaurant is good for groups.
Is it kid friendly there/
Yes Hunan Home's Restaurant is good for kids.
Is there outdoor seating at Hunan Home's Restaurant?
No, there is no outdoor seating at Hunan Home's Restaurant.
Is there parking at your restaurant?
There is only on street parking at Hunan Home's Restaurant.
Is your restaurant dog friendly?
No, dogs aren't allowed at Hunan Home's Restaurant.
what is the noise level at Hunan Home's Restaurant?
The noise level at Hunan Home's Restaurant is average.
Can your restaurant accommodate a party of twenty?
Jake's Steaks is not the best place for large groups.
Do you guys deliver?
Jake's Steaks does offer delivery service.
Do you have bike parking?
Yes, bike parking is available at Jake's Steaks.
Do you offer reservations?
No, it does not take reservations.
Do you serve alcohol
Jake's Steaks serve wine and beer only.
Does Jake's Steaks accept Apple Pay?
Jake's Steaks does not accept Apple Pay.
Does Jake's Steaks have take-out menu?
Yes, Jake's Steaks offers take-out.
Does Jake's Steaks have there own parking?
Unfortunately, on site parking is not available. However, there is street parking available.
Does Jake's Steaks offer happy hour special?
Sorry, Jake's Steaks doesn't have happy hours.
Does Jake;s Steaks accept credit cards?
Jake's Steaks accepts credit cards.
Does the Jake's Steaks accept Cryptocurrency?
No Jake's Steaks doesn't accept Cryptocurrency.
How noisy is it there?
The noise level at Jake's Steaks is average.
Is there TV service at Jake's Steaks?
Jake's Steaks has television services.
Is there outdoor seating at  Jake's Steaks?
Yes, Jake's Steaks offers outdoor seating.
Is wifi available?
Yes Free WiFi is available.
Is your restaurant wheelchair accessible?
Jake's Steaks is wheelchair accessible.
What is the dress code?
The ambience of Jake's Steaks is casual.
Will kids enjoy Jake's Steaks?
Jake's Steaks is a good place for kids.
Are there options for vegetarians?
Jasmine Garden has vegan and vegetarian friendly options.
Are you kid friendly?
Yes, it is good for kids.
Can my dog go with me to Jasmine Garden?
Jasmine Garden does not allow dogs.
Do all the dishes contain meat?
Jasmine Garden has vegetarian options available.
Do they have a TV?
Jasmine Garden does have TV.
Do you accept reservations?
Jasmine Garden does allow reservations.
Do you guys offer beer or wine?
Jasmine Garden serves beer and wine.
Do you have a happy hour?
There is no happy hour at Jasmine Garden.
Do you offer delivery?
Delivery service is not offered by Jasmine Garden.
Does Jasmine Garden have outdoor seating?
Jasmine Garden does not have outdoor seating.
Does the Jasmine Garden accept Apple Pay?
No, Apple Pay isn't accepted at Jasmine Garden.
Does the Jasmine Garden have Car Parking?.
There is only street parking available for Jasmine Garden.
Is free WiFi available at Jasmine Garden?
Jasmine Garden offers free WiFi.
Is it especially noisy?
The noise level at Jasmine Garden is average.
Is the Jasmine Garden welcoming to groups?
The Jasmine Garden restaurant is good for groups of people.
Is there a place to park my bike at Jasmine Garden?
Yes, there is bike parking available at Jasmine Garden.
Is there take-out at Jasmine Garden?
Yes, takeout is available at Jasmine Garden.
What is the ambience like there?
The ambience of Jasmine Garden is casual.
What payment options are there?
The Jasmine Garden accepts credit cards only.
Am I allowed to get an order to go?
Yes, Jiangnan Cuisine offers take-out.
Are vegan options available at Jiangnan Cuisine?
Vegan options are available at Jiangnan Cuisine.
Can you accommodate groups?
Jiangnan Cuisine is great for groups, as their photos show a diverse selection of dishes. Based on some photos, tables are not fixed, thus may be easily arranged to accommodate a large number of patrons.
Can you bring a wheelchair in?
Jiangnan Cuisine is not wheelchair accessible.
Do you accept Google Pay as payment?
Yes. Jiangnan Cuisine accept Google Pay.
Do you guys have a happy hour?
No, there's no happy hour here as they do not serve alcohol.
Do you offer street parking?
Street parking is available for cars at Jiangnan Cuisine.
Do you offer wi-fi?
Free WiFi is available at Jiangnan Cuisine.
Do you serve alcohol?
Jiangnan Cuisine does not serve any alcohol.
Do you take Apple Pay?
No, they do not accept Apple Pay.
Does Jiangnan Cuisine allow dogs?
Dogs are not allowed at Jiangnan Cuisine.
Does Jiangnan Cuisine have TV?
Jiangnan Cuisine does not have TV.
Does Jiangnan Cuisine have outdoor seating
Jiangnan Cuisine does not have outdoor seats.
Does the Jiangnan Cuisine have Delivery options?
Jiangnan Cuisine does not deliver.
Hello, do you take reservations?
No, Jiangnan Cuisine does not take reservations.
How is your guys noise?
The noise level is average.
I was wondering what is the ambience of Jiangnan Cuisine?
The ambience of Jiangnan Cuisine is casual and classy.
Is Jiangnan Cuisine a good place for kids?
Yes, Jiangnan Cuisine is a good place for kids.
Is there parking available at Jiangnan Cuisine?
There is street parking.
do you accept credit cards
Jiangnan Cuisine accepts credit cards.
Are credit cards accepted at Jin Mi Korean Cuisine?
Jin Mi Korean Cuisine accepts credit cards.
Are kids allowed there?
Kids are welcome in Jin Mi Korean Cuisine.
Can I park my bike there?
Jin Mi Korean Cuisine does have bike parking.
Do you all offer take out?
Jin Mi Korean Cusine does offer take-out services.
Do you deliver?
Yes, Jin Mi Korean Cuisine offers delivery.
Do you take Apple Pay?
Jin Mi Korean Cuisine does not accept Apple Pay.
Does Jim Mi Korean Cuisine take reservations?
Jim Mi Korean Cuisine does not take reservations.
Does Jin Mi Korean Cuisine have free WiFi?
Jin Mi Korean Cuisine has free WiFi services.
Does Jin Mi Korean Cuisine serve alcohol?
Yes, Jin Mi Korean Cuisine serves beer and wine.
Hey, can you tell me if you guys take Google Pay?
Jin Mi Korean Cuisine does not accept Google Pay.
Is Jin Mi Korean Cuisine good place for both groups and kids?
Yes, this restaurant is good for both groups and kids.
Is there a TV at your restaurant?
TV is available at Jin Mi Korean Cuisine.
Is there any outdoor seating at your restaurant?
Jin Mi Korean Cuisine does not have outdoor seating.
Is there wheelchair accessibility at Jin Mi Korean Cuisine?
Jin Mi Korean Cuisine is wheelchair accessible.
What is the atmosphere?
Jin Mi Korean Cuisine has a casual ambience.
What is the noise level like?
The noise level at Jin Mi Korean Cuisine is average.
What kind of parking lot do you have?
Street parking is available for cars at Jin Mi Korean Cuisine.
ARE YOU WHEELCHAIR ACCESSIBLE
Kaiju Eats Ramen and Izakaya is wheelchair accessible.
Are there high chairs at Kaiju Eats Ramen and Izakaya?
Yes, Kaiju Eats Ramen and Izakaya has high chairs.
Can I make an advance reservation?
Yes, reservations taken.
Can I order food for delivery at Kaiju Eats Ramen and Izakaya?
Delivery service is not available at Kaiju Eats Ramen and Izakaya.
Can I use cryptocurrency to pay at Kaiju Eats Ramen and Izakaya?
Cryptocurrency is not accepted at Kaiju Eats Ramen and Izakaya.
Can I use free wifi there?
Kaiju Eats Ramen and Izakaya does offer free WiFi.
Do they allow dogs?
Kaiju Eats Ramen and Izakaya does not allow dogs.
Do you guys offer take out ordering?
Kaiju Eats Ramen and Izakaya does offer take-out.
Do you have anything on the menu that's soy-free?
Yes, this establishment offers soy-free menu options.
Do you offer any parking for customers?
Street parking is available.
Do you take Apple Pay?
No, Apple Pay isn't accepted at Kaiju Eats Ramen and Izakaya.
Do you take credit cards as payment?
Kaiju Eats Ramen and Izakaya accepts credit cards.
Does Kaiju Eats Ramen and Izakaya accept Google Pay?
No. Kaiju Eats Ramen and Izakaya does not accept Google Pay.
Does Kaiju Eats Ramen and Izakaya have happy hour specials?
Yes, Kaiju Eats Ramen and Izakaya has happy hour specials.
Does Kaiju Eats Ramen and Izakaya offer vegan friendly options?
Kaiju Eats Ramen and Izakaya offers vegan friendly options.
Does the Kaiju Eats Ramen and Izakaya serve Alcohol?
Kaiju Eats Ramen and Izakaya serves beer and wine only.
Hi what's the noise level like at your restaurant?
The noise level at this place is average -- whatever that means.
Is Kaiju Eats Ramen and Izakaya good for groups?
Kaiju Eats Ramen and Izakaya is not good for groups.
Is bike parking allowed there?
Yes  Kaiju Eats Ramen and Izakaya has bike parking.
Is it family-friendly?
Kaiju Eats Ramen and Izakaya is good for kids.
Is it possible to watch TV while dining at Kaiju Eats?
Kaiju Eats Ramen and Izakaya has television services.
Is there outdoor seating available at Kaiju Eats Ramen and Izakaya?
Kaiju Eats Ramen and Izakaya does not have outdoor seating services.
What is the ambiance of the restaurant?
Ambience is casual classy.
What is the dress code at Kaiju Eats Ramen and Izakaya?
The dress code is casual at Kaiju Eats Ramen and Izakaya.
Can I bring my dog to Karaweik Burmese Cuisine?
Dogs are not permitted at Karaweik Burmese Cuisine.
Can I make reservations at Karaweik Burmese Cuisine?
Yes, they take reservations.
Do you have a tv in the dining room?
Yes, Karaweik Burmese Cuisine has TV.
Do you serve alcohol?
Beer and wine only.
Does  Karaweik Burmese Cuisine accept credit cards?
Karaweik Burmese Cuisine accepts credit cards.
Does Karaweik offer vegetarian options?
Karaweik Burmese Cuisine has vegetarian options.
Does the Karaweik Burmese Cuisine deliver?
Karaweik Burmese Cuisine does deliver.
Hi do you take orders over the phone for take out?
Take-out is offered at Karaweik Burmese Cuisine.
Is Karaweik Burmese Cuisine wheelchair accessible?
Yes, it is accessible by wheelchair.
Is there Happy hour at your place?
Yes, there is happy hour.
Is there a vegan menu at Karaweik Burmese Cuisine?
Yes, you may order vegan stuff here.
Is there free WiFi at Karaweik Burmese Cuisine?
Yes, Karaweik Burmese Cuisine provides free WiFi.
Is there outdoor seating at Karaweik Burmese Cuisine?
There is no outdoor seating at Karaweik Burmese Cuisine.
Is there street parking at Karaweik Burmese Cuisine?
There is street parking at Karaweik Burmese Cuisine.
Is this place good for groups?
Karaweik Burmese Cuisine is considered a good option for groups.
What is the ambiance like?
Karaweik Burmese Cuisine ambience is Classy.
Are there high chairs available at Kasa Indian Eatery?
Kasa Indian Eatery offers high chair for seating.
Are vegan options available at Kasa Indian Eatery?
Kasa Indian Eatery has vegan options.
Can I bring my dog to your restaurant?
Yes, Kasa Indian Eatery allows dogs.
Can I pick up my order from Kasa Indian Eatery through the drive thru?
Drive-thru service is not available at Kasa Indian Eatery.
Do they accept reservations at Kasa Indian Eatery?
The Kasa Indian Eatery does not accept reservations.
Do you accept Google Pay?
Kasa Indian Eatery accepts Google Pay.
Do you guys accept Apple Pay?
Yes, Kasa Indian Eatery accepts Apple Pay.
Do you guys offer take out ordering?
Yes, Kasa Indian Eatery offers take-out ordering.
Do you have any TVs?
Kasa Indian Eatery does not have TV.
Does Kasa Indian Eatery offer delivery?
Kasa Indian Eatery does offer delivery service.
Does Kasa Indian Eatery offer outdoor seating?
Kasa Indian Eatery offers outdoor seating.
Does the Kasa Indian Eatery have Car Parking?
Street parking is available for cars at Kasa Indian Eatery.
Does the Kasa Indian Eatery have vegan  options?
Yes, there are vegan options at Kasa Indian Eatery.
Is alcohol served at Kasa Indian Eatery?
Kasa Indian Eatery serves beer and wine.
Is there a happy hour available?
Kasa Indian Eatery does not have happy hour.
Is there a lot of noise at Kasa Indian Eatery?
The noise level at Kasa Indian Eatery is average.
Is there a place to park my bike at Kasa Indian Eatery?
Kasa Indian Eatery has bike parking.
Is there free WiFi at Kasa Indian Eatery?
Free WiFi is available at Kasa Indian Eatery.
Is your restaurant good for groups of people?
Kasa Indian Eatery is good for groups.
What is the ambience at the Kasa Indian Eatery ?
The ambience of Kasa Indian Eatery is considered casual and classy.
What payment options does Kasa Indian Eatery take?
Kasa Indian Eatery accepts credit cards, Apple Pay and Google Pay.
Would Kasa Indian Eatery be a good place to bring my children?
Yes it is good for kids.
is Cryptocurrency accepted at your establishment?
Cryptocurrency is not accepted at Kasa Indian Eatery.
Are dogs allowed at Khamsa?
No dogs are allowed at Khamsa.
Do you do delivery?
No, you cannot get delivery from Khamsa.
Do you provide on-site WiFi?
WiFi is not provided.
Does Khamsa have a TV?
Khamsa does not have a TV.
Does Khamsa offer take-out ordering?
Khamsa offers take-out ordering.
Does Khamsa serve alcohol?
Beer & Wine are served at Khamsa. Other alcohol is not served.
Does Khamsa take reservations?
Yes, it takes reservations.
Hey do you guys have any happy hour specials?
Khamsa does not offer happy hour services.
How do i pay?
Khamsa accepts cash and credit cards.
Is Khamsa a suitable restaurant to bring my kids to?
Khamsa is not good for kids.
Is Khamsa wheelchair accessible?
Khamsa is wheelchair accessible.
Is there a pace to park my bike at Khamsa?
Khamsa has bike parking.
Is there outdoor seating at Khamsa?
Yes, outdoor seating is an option.
Is there parking at Khamsa?
Khamsa has street parking.
What is Khamsa's ambience like?
Cozy and Vibrant is listed for Khamsa.
What is the noise level at Khamsa?
The noise level at Khamsa is average.
Would you suggest bringing a group?
Yes, Khamsa is good for groups.
Are dogs allowed at Kim Son Vietnamese Restaurant?
Dogs are not allowed at Kim Son Vietnamese Restaurant.
Can I make reservations at Kim Son Vietnamese Restaurant?
Reservations are not accepted.
Do you guys deliver?
Kim Son Vietnamese Restaurant does not offer delivery service.
Does Kim Son Vietnamese Restaurant have tv?
Kim Son Vietnamese Restaurant does not have TV.
Does Kim Son Vietnamese Restaurant offer free WiFi?
No, Kim Son Vietnamese Restaurant does not offer free WiFi.
Does Kim Son Vietnamese Restaurant offer live music?
This restaurant does not have live music.
Does Kim Son Vietnamese Restaurant offer vegan friendly options?
Yes Kim Son Vietnamese Restaurant has vegan friendly options available.
Does Kim Son Vietnamese Restaurant serve beer and wine?
Yes Kim Son Vietnamese Restaurant serves beer & wine.
Does your restaurant accept Google Pay?
Google Pay is not accepted at Kim Son Vietnamese Restaurant.
Is Apple Pay accepted there?
Kim Son Vietnamese Restaurant does not accept Apple Pay.
Is Kim Son Vietnamese Restaurant appropriate for children?
Kim Son Vietnamese Restaurant is good for kids.
Is Kim Son Vietnamese Restaurant good for groups?
Kim Son Vietnamese Restaurant is good for groups.
Is there bike parking available?
Kim Son Vietnamese Restaurant has bike parking.
Is there happy hour here?
Kim Son Vietnamese Restaurant does not offer happy hour.
Is there outdoor seating at Kim Son Vietnamese Restaurant?
There is no outdoor seating at Kim Son Vietnamese Restaurant.
Is there take out service offered?
Kim Son Vietnamese Restaurant offer take-out services.
What is the ambience at Kim Son Vietnamese Restaurant?
A casual at ambience of Kim Son Vietnamese Restaurant.
What is the noise level like here?
Average noise level at Kim Son Vietnamese Restaurant.
What payment methods do you accept?
The payment options available at Kim Son Vietnamese Restaurant are cash and credit cards.
Where is parking available at this restaurant?
There is parking on the street and on a private lot.
Can I order from Kin Khao for delivery?
No, Kin Khao doesn't offer delivery.
Do you guys allow dogs?
Kin Khao does not allow dogs.
Do you guys offer kids meals?
No, Kin Khao is not good for kids.
Do you guys take reservations?
Yes, it takes reservations.
Do you have any vegan options?
Yes, Kin Khao has vegan options available.
Do you take Google Pay?
No, Kin Khao does not accept Google Pay.
Does Kin Khao accept takeout orders?
Kin Khao does not offer take-out services.
Does Kin Khao have high chairs available?
Kin Khao has high chairs available.
Does Kin Khao offer a good happy hour?
Kin Khao offers a good happy hour.
Does the Kin Khao have outdoor seating?.
There are no outdoor seating at Kin Khao.
Hello will the big game be streaming at Kin Khao?
No, Kin Khao does not have TV.
Hello, what is the recommend dresscode?
A Casual, classy ambience at Kin Khao.
Hey are you guys good for group dining?
Yes, Kin Khao is good for groups.
Hey, do you guys accept Apple Pay there?
No, Kin Khao does not accept Apple Pay.
How loud is it inside your establishment?
Noise level is average at Kin Khao.
Is Kin Khao wheelchair accessible?
Yes, Kin Khao is wheelchair accessible.
Is there a full bar there?
Kin Khao serves a full bar.
Is there any parking at Kin Khao?
Kin Khao offers valet parking only.
Is there bike parking that is available?
Bike parking is available at Kin Khao.
Is there free wifi there?
Kin Khao has free WiFi available.
What kind of payments do you guys offer?
The only payment mentioned is that Kin Khao takes credit cards.
Are there vegetarian options?
Vegetarian friendly options are available at Kitava.
Can I bring my dog along?
Dogs are not allowed at Kitava.
Do I need a reservation?
No, reservations are not accepted.
Do they offer take out and delivery?
Kitava offers delivery.
Do you guys accept credit cards?
It accepts credit cards.
Do you have WiFi available on site.
Kitava does have WiFi services available.
Doe Kitava have a happy hour?
No, Kitava doesn't offer happy hour.
Does Kitava accept Apple Pay?
Kitava does not accept Apple Pay.
Does Kitava accept Cryptocurrency?
No, Kitava does not accept Cryptocurrency.
Does Kitava accept Google Pay?
Kitava does not accept Google Pay.
Does Kitava have vegan options?
Yes, there are vegan options.
Does The Kitava have TV?
The Kitava does not have TV.
Does The Kitava restaurant have any outdoor seating?
The Kitava restaurant does not have any outdoor seating.
Does the Kitava offer take out services?
Kitava does offer take-out services.
Hey, do you guys have wheelchair access?
Kitava allows wheelchair.
Is alcohol served at Kitava?
Kitava serves beer and wine only.
Is it good for children at Kitava?
Kitava is a good restaurant for kids.
Is your restaurant good for groups?
Kitava is good for groups.
What is the noise level at Kitava?
Kitava has an average noise level.
What's the ambience of Kitava?
The ambience of Kitava is considered casual and classy.
Where do I park at Kitava?
Kitava has street parking available.
do you have bike parking
Yes, there is bike parking.
Can I make a reservation?
Kitchen Istanbul takes reservations.
Can I order take-out at Kitchen Istanbul?
Yes, Kitchen Istanbul offers take-out.
Can you park on the street?
There is street parking here.
Do you accept Google Pay as a payment option at this location?
No Kitchen Istanbul doesn't accept Google Pay.
Do you have a TV for guests?
No, Kitchen Istanbul doesn't have TV available.
Do you have a happy hour menu there?
Kitchen Istanbul does offer happy hour services.
Do you offer delivery?
Yes, it has delivery service.
Does Kitchen Istanbul accept credit cards?
Kitchen Istanbul accepts credit cars.
Does Kitchen Istanbul offer vegan friendly options?
Kitchen Istanbul has vegan friendly options.
Does Kitchen Istanbul serve alcohol?
Kitchen Istanbul does serve alcohol.
Hey, what can you tell me about the noise level there?
Kitchen Istanbul has an average noise level.
Is Kitchen Istanbul large enough for groups?
Yes, good for groups.
Is WiFi free at Kitchen Istanbul?
No, Kitchen Istanbul does not have free WiFi.
Is cryptocurrency accepted at Kitchen Istanbul?
Kitchen Istanbul does not accept Cryptocurrency.
Is the Kitchen Istanbul accepting Apple Pay?
Kitchen Istanbul does not accept Apple Pay.
Is the Kitchen Istanbul good for kids?.
No, Kitchen Instabul is not a good place for kids.
Is there bike parking there?
Kitchen Istanbul offers bike parking.
Is there outdoor seating available at Kitchen Istanbul?
Kitchen Istanbul does have outdoor seating.
Is this place wheelchair accessible?
Kitchen Istanbul is wheelchair accessible.
What kind of atmosphere can I expect?
The ambiance of Kitchen Istanbul is casual and classy.
Are there TVs available?
Yes, Kitchen Story has TV available.
Are there any vegetarian options at Kitchen Story?
Kitchen Story does have vegeterian options.
Are there outdoor seats at Kitchen Story?
Yes, Kitchen Story offers outdoor seating.
Are there vegan friendly options available at Kitchen Story?
There are vegan options at Kitchen Story.
Can I bring my class of ten there?
Jiangnan Cuisine is good for groups.
Can I bring my dog into Kitchen Story?
Dogs are not allowed at Kitchen Story.
Can I park my bike at Kitchen Story?
Kitchen Story offers bicycling parking.
Can I pay with Google pay and Apple pay?
Accepts credit cards and Google Pay, but not Apple Pay.
Can I pick up my order from Kitchen Story through the drive thru?
Kitchen Story does not have a drive thru.
Do you offer a happy hour?
No, Kitchen Story does not have happy hour.
Do you take reservations?
Kitchen Story does take reservations.
Does Kitchen Story accept takeout orders?
Kitchen Story offers take-out ordering.
Does Kitchen Story offer free WiFi?
Kitchen Story does have free WiFi.
Does the Kitchen Story  accept Apple Pay?
Apple Pay is not accepted at Kitchen Story.
Does the Kitchen Story serve liquour?
Kitchen Story serves beer and wine only.
Hey, can you tell me if you guys do delivery?
Kitchen Story does offer delivery services.
Hi, can I use Google Pay there?
Yes Kitchen Story accepts Google pay.
Is Kitchen Story good for kids?
Yes, it is good for kids.
Is it loud there?
Kitchen Story has an average noise level.
What is the ambiance of the restaurant?
The ambiance of Kitchen Story is casual and classy.
Where can I park?
Kitchen Story has street parking.
Are dogs allowed at KoJa Kitchen?
Yes, dogs are allowed.
Can I connect to wifi at KoJa Kitchen?
WiFi is not available at KoJa Kitchen.
Can I order take out?
KoJa Kitchen offers delivery service.
Can I order takeout at KoJa Kitchen?
Take out ordering is available at KoJa Kitchen.
Can I use cryptocurrency at KoJa Kitchen?
Cryptocurrency is not accepted.
Do you accept Apple Pay for payment?
Apple Pay is accepted at KoJa Kitchen.
Does KoJa Kitchen have gluten free options?
No, KoJa Kitchen doesn't have gluten free options.
Does KoJa Kitchen offer happy hour specials?
They regularly offer a happy hour.
Does KoJa Kitchen serve alcohol?
The KoJa Kitchen does serve alcohol in the form of beer and wine only.
Does KoJa Kitchen take reservations?
No, it does not take reservations.
Does the KoJa Kitchen have TV?
Yes KoJa Kitchen have TV.
Does the KoJa Kitchen have outdoor seating?.
KoJa Kitchen does have outdoor seating available.
I was wondering if you take Google Pay.
Koja Kitchen does not accept Google Pay.
Is KoJa Kitchen a good restaurant for groups?
KoJa Kicthen is good for groups.
Is KoJa Kitchen good for kids?
KoJa Kitchen is good for kids.
Is KoJa Kitchen wheelchair accessible?
KoJa Kitchen is wheelchair accessible.
Is it very loud there?
Koja Kitchen's noise level is average.
Is parking available at KoJa Kitchen?
KoJa Kitchen offers street parking.
Is there bike parking there?
Bike parking is available at KoJa Kitchen.
What forms of payment are accepted?
KoJa Kitchen currently accepts credit cards and PayPal.
What is the atmosphere like?
The ambience of KoJa Kitchen is casual.
Are there any vegan options at Kokkari Estiatorio?
Kokkari Estiatorio has vegan options available.
Can I bring in a large group?
Kokkari Estiatorio  is good for groups.
Can I park my bicycle at Kokkari Estiatorio?
Yes, bicycle parking is available.
Do you have delivery?
Kokkari Estiatorio does offer delivery services.
Do you offer happy hour pricing?
No, this restaurant does not have happy hour.
Do you take Apple Pay?
No, Kokkari Estiatorio does not take Apple Pay.
Does Kokkari Estiatorio accept Google Pay?
Google Pay is accepted.
Does Kokkari Estiatorio offer takeout?
No, Kokkari Estiatorio does not offer takeout.
Does Kokkari Estiatorio open 24 hours?
This company does not.
Does Kokkari Estiatorio take reservations?
Kokkari Estiatorio does take reservations.
Does the Kokkari Estiatorio have outdoor seating?.
Kokkari Estiatorio does not have outdoor seats.
Does your restaurant have a television?
Yes, this restaurant does have a TV available.
How loud does it get at Kokkari Estiatorio?
The noise level is typically average at Kokkari Estiatorio.
How would you describe the atmosphere?
A classy ambience at Kokkari Estiatorio.
Is parking available at Kokkari Estiatorio?
Kokkari Estiatorio has garage, street and private parking.
Is the Kokkari Estiatorio good for kids?
Kokkari Estiatorio is perfect place for kids.
Is there WiFi available at Kokkari Estiatorio?
Kokkari Estiatorio does not offer WiFi.
Is there a bar?
Kokkari Estiatorio has a Full Bar.
What forms of payments can be used at Kokkari Estiatorio?
Kokkari Estiatorio accepts Credit Cards and Google Pay.
Can I bring my dog?
Kung Food does not allow to bring dogs.
Can I park my bike at Kung Food?
Kung Food does have bike parking.
Can I pick up my order from Kung Food through the drive thru?
There is no drive-thru available at Kung Food.
Can you tell me if you accept checks?
Kung Food accepts only credit card as its payment method.
Do you guys have a full bar?
Kung Food does not serve alcohol.
Do you have any tables outside?
No Kung Food doesn't have outdoor seats.
Do you have parking?
Yes, but it's street parking.
Do you have vegan food?
There are vegan friendly options available at Kung Food.
Does Kung Food accept Apple Pay?
Apple Pay is not accepted at Kung Food.
Hello, do you have delivery service?
Kung Food does offer delivery services.
Hi, do you offer free WiFi to your customers?
Kung Food does not offer free WiFi.
Hi, is Kung Food wheelchair accessible?
Yes, Kung Food is wheelchair accessible.
Hi, is there a TV available to watch there?
TV is not available at Kung Food.
How is the ambience at Kung Food?
The ambience of Kung Food is casual.
Is Take-out ordering available at Kung Food?
Take-out ordering is available at Kung Food.
Is there a happy hour at Kung Food?
No, Kung Food does not offer happy hour.
Is this a super loud restaurant?
The noise level at this establishment is average.
Is this place ok for a big group?
Kung Food is suitable for groups.
Is your restaurant kid-friendly?
Kung Food is good for kids.
Would I be able to make a reservation?
Yes, Kung Food takes reservations.
Are there dogs allowed?
Dogs are not allowed at La Mar Cebicheria Peruana.
Are there kid options available?
Yes La Mar Cebicheria Peruana is good for kids.
Do I need a reservation?
La Mar Cebicheria Peruana allows customers to make reservations online.
Do you accept Apple Pay at your restaurant?
Yes, Apple Pay accepted.
Do you guys accept Google Pay?
La Mar Cebicheria Peruana does not Google Pay.
Do you guys offer vegan options?
Yes, it has vegan menu options.
Do you have daily specials?
La Mar Cebicheria Peruana offers happy hour.
Do you have high chairs there?
Highchairs are available at La Mar Cebicheria Peruana.
Does La Mar Cebicheria Peruana offer outdoor seating?
Outdoor seating is available at La Mar Cebicheria Peruana.
Hi, good day. I was just curious if you guys take credit cards?
La Mar Cebicheria Peruana accepts credit cards.
How loud does it get at La Mar Cebicheri Peruana?
There is no information regarding noise level at La Mar Cebicheria Peruana.
How would you describe the atmosphere?
Ambience is trendy, classy.
Is La Mar Cebicheria Peruana good for groups?
La Mar Cebicheria Peruana is considered good for groups.
Is alcohol served at La Mar Cebicheria Peruana?
La Mar Cebicheria Peruana serves a full bar.
Is bike parking available at La Mar Cebicheria Peruana?
La Mar Cebicheria Peruana bike parking is available.
Is there a TV at La Mar Cebicheria Peruana?
Yes, there is a TV.
Is there delivery offered?
No, La Mar Cebicheria Peruana doesn't offer delivery.
Is there free Wifi?
Free WiFi is available at La Mar Cebicheria Peruana.
Is there parking available?
Yes, street parking is available.
do you have take out
Yes, take out is offered.
Are dogs allowed?
No dogs allowed.
Are there vegan friendly options at La Mediterranee?
La Mediterranee has vegan friendly options.
Can La Mediterranee accommodate groups of people?
No, La Mediterranee is not good for groups.
Can you tell me about the attire at this restaurant?
The attire is casual at La Mediterranee.
Do you do carryout orders?
La Mediterranee does offer takeout.
Do you guys have WiFi?
La Mediterranee does not include WiFi.
Do you have any TVs there?
La Mediterranee does not have TV.
Do you have any vegetarian options on your menu?
La Mediterranee has vegetarian options available.
Do you have high chairs?
Yes, La Mediterranee offers high chairs for babies.
Does La Mediterranee offer delivery service?
Yes, La Mediterranee has delivery available.
Does La Mediterranee offer happy hour specials?
La Mediterranee offers happy hour specials.
Does La Mediterranee serve alcohol?
La Mediterranee serves beer and wine only.
Does the La Mediterranee have outdoor seating?.
La Mediterranee does have outdoor seating.
Hey, what kind of payment options are accepted at La Mediterranee?
They accept cash and credit cards.
I was wondering if you're kid friendly?
Yes, La Mediterranee is good for kids.
Is Apple Pay accepted at La Mediterranee?
No, La Mediterranee does not accept Apple Pay.
Is La Mediterranee by appointment only?
No, La Mediterranee is not by appointment only.
Is there bike parking?
La Mediterranee has bike parking.
What is the mood of La Mediterranee like?
La Mediterranee has a casual and classy ambience.
What is the noise level at  La Mediterranee?
The noise level at La Mediterranee is average.
Where should I park?
Only street parking is available at  La Mediterranee.
do you take reservations
La Mediterranee does not take reservations.
Are reservations accepted at la Mediterranee?
Reservations are not accepted at La Mediterranee.
Can I get vegan food there?
La Mediterranee has vegan friendly options.
Can I make a take out order at La Mediterranee?
La Mediterranee does allow take out orders.
Do you guys serve alcohol?
La Mediterranee does serve alcohol.
Do you have outdoor seating?
La Mediterranee has outdoor seating available.
Does La Mediterranee accept Apple Pay?
No, La Mediterranee doesn't accept Apple Pay.
Does La Mediterranee accept credit cards?
La Mediterranee accepts credit cards.
Does La Mediterranee have TV?
The La Mediterranee does not have TV listed among their amenities.
Does the La Mediterranee allows dogs?.
Dogs are not allowed at La Mediterranee.
Does your restaurant have free WiFi.
La Mediterranee does not have free WiFi.
Is La Mediterranee good for kids?
La Mediterranee is good for kids.
Is delivery possible at La Mediterranee?
La Mediterranee offers delivery service.
Is it recommended for groups at La Mediterranee?
Yes, it is recommended for groups.
Is there happy hour at La Mediterranee?
La Mediterranee offers happy hour.
Is there parking for bikes there?
Yes they have bike parking.
What is noise level at  the La Mediterranee?
The noise level is average at La Mediterranee.
What is the ambience of La Mediterranee?
The ambience is classy casual.
What parking is available at La Mediterranee?
Street parking is available for La Mediterranee.
What type of attire is worn there?
La Mediterranee has a casual dress code.
Are dogs allowed at La Taqueria?
Dogs are not allowed at La Taqueria.
Are high chairs available at La Taqueria?
Yes for high chairs.
Are there any vegetarian options at La Taqueria?
La Taqueria has vegetarian friendly options.
Can I bring my kids?
Yes, it is good for kids.
Can I park my bike?
No, La Taqueria does not offer bike parking.
Do you accept reservations?
No, La Taqueria doesn't accept reservations.
Do you have happy hour?
La Taqueria does not offer happy hour.
Do you offer free WiFi?
No, La Taqueria does not offer free WiFi.
Do you offer takeout?
Yes, there is takeout.
Do you take Google Pay?
No, La Taqueria does not accept google pay.
Do you take cryptocurrency?
No, La Taqueria does not accept Cryptocurrency.
Does La Taqueria have a TV?
La Taqueria does not have a TV.
Does La Taqueria have a drive thru?
La Taqueria does not have a drive thru.
Does La Taqueria offer outdoor seating?
La Taqueria has outdoor seats.
Does La Taqueria provide delivery service?
Delivery Service is not offered at La Taqueria.
Does the La Taqueria good for Groups?
La Taqueria is suitable for groups.
Hi, what kind of alcohol do you guys serve there?
La Taqueria serves Beer and Wine Only.
Is Apple Pay accepted at La Taqueria?
Apple Pay is not accepted at La Taqueria.
Is there street parking available?
Street parking is available for cars at La Taqueria.
Is there wheelchair accessibility there?
La Taqueria is wheelchair accessible.
What is the atmosphere at La Taqueria?
The atmosphere here is casual and classy.
What kind of payment is accepted?
La Taqueria just accepts cash.
What's the noise level at La Taqueria?
Noise level at La Taqueria is loud.
Are there vegan friendly options at Lao Table?
Lao Table has vegan friendly options
Can I bring my bike to your resturant?
Lao Table has bike parking.
Can I get street parking at Lao Table?
Lao Table has street parking available.
Can you tell me about the noise level at Lao Table?
The noise level is loud at Lao Table.
Do you have outdoor seating?
Lao Table does not offer outdoor seating.
Do you take Apple Pay?
Lao Table does not accept Apple Pay.
Does Lao Table accept Google Pay as a payment method?
Lao Table accepts Google Pay as a payment method.
Does Lao Table have a TV?
Lao Table has TVs in their establishment.
Does Lao Table have free WiFi?
Free WiFi is available at Lao Table.
Does Lao Table have high chairs available for babies?
Lao table does not have high chairs available.
Does Lao Table is good for groups?.
Yes  Lao Table is good for groups.
Does Lao Table provide delivery service?
Yes, this restaurant currently provides delivery service.
Does Lao Table take reservations?
Lao Table takes reservations.
Is Lao Table a kid-friendly spot?
Yes, the menu features a wide variety of kid-friendly dishes and they will accommodate special requests.
Is Lao Table wheelchair accessible?
Yes, Lao Table is wheelchair accessible.
Is alcohol served at Lao Table?
Lao Table has a Full Bar.
Is cryptocurrency accepted?
Cryptocurrency is not accepted at Lao Table.
Is take-out ordering offered at Lao Table?
Take-out ordering is offered at Lao Table.
Is there a happy hour here?
Lao Table offers happy hour.
What payments do you accept?
Leo Table accepts credit cards and Google Pay.
What sort of atmosphere is at Lao Table?
The ambience is trendy, classy.
do you allow dogs
Yes, dogs are allowed.
Are children good at Leopold's?
No it is not good for kids.
Can I bring my dog to Leopold's?
Yes dogs are allowed at Leopold's.
Can I park at Leopold's?
Street parking is available for cars at Leopold's.
Can I park my bike at the Leopold's?
You can park your bike at Leopold's.
Can you accommodate large groups?
Yes, Leopold's is good for groups of many sizes.
Can you get take-out?
Take-out ordering is offered at Leopold's.
Do you take reservations?
Yes, Leopold's takes reservations.
Does Leopold's have television for it's customers to watch?
Leopold's does not have a TV.
Does Leopold's offer free WiFi?
Leopold's does not offer free WiFi.
Hi, I am looking for delivery?
Leopold's does not offer delivery service.
Hi, is Leopold's wheelchair friendly?
Yes, this restaurant provides wheelchair accessibility.
Is Leopold's good for happy hour?
No, Leopold's does not offer happy hour.
Is there outside seating availlable at Leopold's?
Yes outdoor seating is available.
What do you offer?
Yes, Leopold's is a bar.
What does Leopold's offer?
Leopold's does not allow smoking.
What is the ambiance like there?
Leopold has casual and classy ambience.
What is the noise level like here?
The noise level at Leopold's is loud.
What payment options are offered?
The payment options at Leopold's are cash and credit cards.
Are there high chairs at Liholiho Yacht Club?
Liholiho Yacht Club does have high chairs.
Can I park my bike at Liholiho Yacht Club?
Liholiho Yacht Club does not have bike parking.
Do you have a smoking section?
Smoking is not allowed at Liholiho Yacht Club.
Do you have tv?
Liholiho Yacht Club does not have a TV.
Do you offer Google Pay at this location?
Liholiho Yacht Club does accept Google Play.
Do you offer a bar?
Liholiho Yacht Club has a full bar.
Do you offer take out?
Take out ordering is not available at Liholiho Yacht Club.
Does Liholiho Yacht Club accept Apple Pay?
No, Liholiho Yacht Club does not accept Apple Pay.
Does Liholiho Yacht Club accept Bitcoin?
Cryptocurrency is not accepted at Liholiho Yacht Club.
Does Liholiho Yacht Club offer dog sitting?
No they do not.
Does Liholiho Yacht Club offer happy hour?
Liholiho Yacht Club does not offer happy hour.
Does the Liholiho Yacht Club accept reservations?
Liholiho Yacht Club accepts reservations.
Is the Liholiho Yacht Club good for kids?
No Liholiho Yacht Club is not good for kids.
Is there any free WiFi at your establishment?
Free WiFi is not offered at Liholiho Yacht Club.
Is there outdoor seating at Liholiho Yacht Club?
No, Liholiho Yacht Club doesn't have outdoor seating.
Is your club good for large groups?
Liholiho Yacht Club is good for groups.
Is your establishment wheelchair accessible?
Yes  Liholiho Yacht Club is wheelchair accessible.
What is the ambiance like there?
Liholiho Yacht Club has casual, trendy, classy ambience.
What kind of noise level is at Liholiho Yacht Club?
The noise level is considered to be loud at Liholiho Yacht Club.
What parking does Liholiho Yacht Club have?
Street and Garage parking is available for cars at Liholiho Yacht Club.
What payment options do you guys take?
Credit debit cash
do you allow dogs
The Liholiho Yacht Club does not allow dogs.
Are you able to accomadate a group of twenty people?
Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen is good for groups.
Can I bring my dog along?
Dogs aren't allowed at Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen.
Can I park my car at Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen?
Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen has street parking.
Do you accept Google Pay?
No Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen doesn't accept Google Pay.
Do you guys have vegan options?
Vegan friendly options are available at Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen.
Do you have bike parking available?
Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen offers bike parking.
Do you offer vegetarian meals?
Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen has vegetarian friendly options.
Does Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen accept reservations?
Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen has reservation services.
Does Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen offer apple pay?
Apple Pay is not accepted at Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen.
Does Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen offer delivery?
Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen does not offer delivery.
Does Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen offer happy hour?
Unfortunately, no information is available concerning happy hour for this restaurant.
Does Lime Tree play television in their dining area?
Yes  Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen have TV.
Is Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen a kid-friendly place?
Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen is kid friendly.
Is the place suitable for children?
Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen is suitable for children.
Is there outdoor seating at the Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen?
Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen does not have outdoor seating available.
Is there take out ordering available here?
Take-out ordering is available at Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen.
Is wifi offered?
Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen does not offer free WiFi.
What are the payment options at Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen?
Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen accepts credit cards.
What is the atmosphere like at Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen?
Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen has a casual and classy ambience.
What is the noise level at Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen?
The noise level is considered average at Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen.
Will there be alcohol available there?
No, Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen does not serve alcohol.
Can I park my bike at Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen?
Yes, there is bike parking available at Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen.
Can I watch television at Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen?
Yes, TV is available at Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen.
Can you order take-out?
Take-out ordering is offered at Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen.
Do you accept Apple Pay?
No, Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen does not accept Apple Pay.
Do you offer free WiFi?
No, Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen does not offer free WiFi.
Do you take Google Pay?
Google Pay is not accepted.
Do you take call-ahead reservations?
Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen does take reservations.
Does Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen have outdoor seats?
Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen does not have outdoor seats.
Does Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen have vegan options?
There are vegan options available at Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen.
Does Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchenn offer alcohol?
Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen does not serve alcohol.
Is Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen good for groups?
Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen is good for groups.
Is Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen good for kids?
Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen is good for kids.
Is there street parking at Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen?
Street parking is available at Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen.
What is the ambiance at Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen?
The ambiance Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen is casual and classy.
What is the noise level of Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen?
Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen's noise level is Average.
What payment options are there?
Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen does accept credit cards.
Are there TV's available?
No, there are no TVs in Little Gem's establishment.
Are you casual or dress up?
Little Gem has a casual and classy ambience.
Can I pay with Google Pay at Little Gem?
Little Gem does not accept Google Pay.
Can I place a take out order?
Yes, Little Gem offers take-out ordering.
Can I use Apple Pay there?
Unfortunately, this restaurant does not accept Apple Pay.
Can you bring a wheelchair?
Little Gem is wheelchair accessible.
Do you accept cryptocurrency?
Does not accept cryptocurrency.
Do you have a drive thru?
Little Gem does not have drive thru.
Does Little Gem accept reservations?
Reservations are accepted.
Does Little Gem have outdoor seating?
Little Gem does have outdoor seating.
Does Little Gem offer delivery service?
Little Gem offers delivery service.
Does The Little Gem allow dogs?
The Little Gem does not allow dogs in their restaurant.
Does the Little Gem offer vegan options?
Little Gem does have vegan options.
Hi is this place kid friendly?
Yes, Little Gem is good for kids.
Hi, do you guys serve any alcohol there?
Little Gem serves Beer and Wine only.
How's the noise at Little Gem?
Average noise level at Little Gem.
Is Little Gem good for groups?
Little Gem is good for groups.
Is WiFi available at Little Gem?
Little Gem offers free WiFi service.
Is bike parking available?
Yes, there is bike parking at Little Gem.
Is smoking allowed at Little Gem?
Sorry, you cannot smoke at Little Gem.
What are the parking options there?
Garage and street parking are available at Little Gem.
What are the vegetarian options at Little Gem?
Little Gem does have vegetarian options.
What payments does Little Gem accept?
The payment option available at Little Gem is credit cards.
Are groups able to be served there?
Yes, this establishment is good for groups.
Are there TV's at Lovejoy's Tea Room?
No, there are no TVs at Lovejoy's Tea Room.
Can I pick up my order from Lovejoy's Tea Room?
Yes, Lovejoy's Tea Room has a to-go menu.
Do you guys have delivery?
Delivery service is not offered.
Does Lovejoy's Tea Room accept Apple Pay?
Lovejoy's Tea Room does not accept Apple Pay.
Does Lovejoy's Tea Room offer happy hour?
No, Lovejoy's Tea Room does not provide happy hour.
Does Lovejoy's Tea Room serve alcohol?
Lovejoy's Tea Room does not serve alcohol.
Does the Tea Room offer any vegan options?
Lovejoy's Tea Room has vegan friendly options.
Does your establishment take reservations?
Lovejoy's Tea Room takes reservations.
Is Google Pay accepted at Lovejoy's Tea Room?
Lovejoy's Tea Room doesn't accept Google Pay.
Is WiFi available at Lovejoy's Tea Room?
Lovejoy's Tea Room does not offer free WiFi.
Is outdoor seating available at Lovejoy's Tea Room?
No outdoor seating is available at Lovejoy's Tea Room.
Is there bike parking there?
No, there is not bike parking at Lovejoy's Tea Room.
Is your place accommodating to little ones?
Yes, it is good for kids.
What is the ambiance of Lovejoy's Tea Room?
Lovejoy's Tea Room has a classy ambience.
What payment options are accepted at Lovejoy's Tea Room?
Cash and credit cards are accepted.
Whats the level of noise like there?
Noise level is average at Lovejoy's Tea Room.
Where should I park?
Lovejoy's Tea Room has street parking.
Can I bring my dog there?
No, dogs aren't allowed at Loving Hut.
Can I make a reservation?
Loving Hut does not accept reservations.
Do you guys offer happy hour?
Loving Hut does not offer happy hour services.
Do you have a safe place I can park my bike?
Loving Hut has bike parking.
Do you have free WiFi?
Loving Hut does not offer free WiFi.
Do you have take-out?
Yes, Loving Hut offers take-out.
Does Loving Hut accept Google Pay?
Loving Hut does not accept Google Pay.
Does Loving Hut have vegan friendly options?
Loving Hut does not offer vegan options.
Does Loving Hut serve alcohol?
No.  Loving Hut does not serve alcohol.
Good evening, what's the ambience at Loving Hut like?
Ambience is casual at Loving Hut.
Hey, can you tell me if you guys have TV's there?
Loving Hut does have TVs.
How is the noise level at the Loving Hut?
The noise level here is average.
I was wondering if you accept Apple Pay at your establishment?
Apple Pay is not accepted at Loving Hut.
Is outdoor seating available at Loving Hut?
Outdoor seating is not available at Loving Hut.
Is the Loving Hut a good place to take kids?
Yes, Loving Hut is good for groups.
Is there parking available at Loving Hut?
There is a parking lot and street parking available at Loving Hut.
What payment options does Loving Hut accept?
Loving Hut accepts Credit Cards.
Will kids be welcomed at Loving Hut?
Yes, Loving Hut is suitable for kids.
do you offer delivery
Yes, Loving Hut offers delivery.
Are dogs allowed?
Dogs are not allowed at Lucky Pig.
Can I make reservations at Lucky Pig?
The lucky pig takes reservations.
Do you guys have happy hour specials?
Yes, Lucky Pig has happy hour specials.
Do you offer take-out ordering?
Lucky Pig does offer take-out ordering.
Does Lucky Pig accept Apple Pay?
Yes, Apple Pay is accepted here.
Does Lucky Pig accept Google Pay?
Lucky Pig accepting Google Pay.
Does Lucky Pig have halal options?
No, there aren't Halal options at Lucky Pig, sorry!
Does Lucky Pig have high chairs available for babies?
Lucky Pig doesn't have high chair.
Does Lucky Pig have vegan options?
Yes they do carry vegan options.
Does the Lucky Pig have parking available.
Yes, street parking is available here.
Does the Lucky Pig serve alcohol?
The Lucky Pig does not serve alcohol.
Hey can you tell me if you guys have a TV there in the restaurant?
Lucky Pig does not have TV.
Hey, good evening. Do y'all accept Cryptocurrency there?
Lucky Pig does not accept Cryptocurrency.
Is Lucky Pig wheelchair accessible?
The Lucky Pig is wheelchair accessible.
Is there free wifi at Lucky Pig?
Lucky Pig does not offer free WiFi.
Is there outdoor seating offered at Lucky Pig?
There is no outdoor seating at Lucky Pig.
Is this a kid friendly place?
Yes, Lucky Pig is kid-friendly.
What is the ambience like here?
Lucky Pig has an ambience that is hipster, casual and trendy.
What is the noise level there like?
Lucky Pig has an average noise level.
Would you suggest groups would be ok?
Lucky Pig is good for groups.
is delivery available at Lucky Pig?
Lucky Pig offers delivery.
what forms of payment do you accept
Lucky Pig accepts Credit card,Google Pay, and Apple Pay.
Are reservations accepted at Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine?
Reservations are accepted at Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine.
Can you guys do delivery?
Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine does not  offer delivery service.
Do you have free Wifi?
No, Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine does not offer free WiFi.
Does Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine accept Google Pay?
Google Pay is not accepted at Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine.
Does Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine have TV?
Yes, it does have a TV.
Does Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine have soy free options?
Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine doesn't have soy free options
Does Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine serve alcohol?
Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine only serves beer and wine for alcohol.
Does it get very loud at Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine?
Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine has an average noise level.
Does the Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine accept Apple Pay?
Apple Pay is not accepted at Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine.
Does the Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine have take-out ordering?.
Yes Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine offers take-out ordering.
Does your facility allow dogs?
Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine does not allow dogs.
Hey, do you have any outdoor seating options there?
Outdoor seating is not available at Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine.
Hi, do you guys offer any vegan dining options?
Yes, of course they have vegan options.
Is Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine a good place for kids?
Yes, Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine is a good place for kids.
Is Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine by appointment only?
Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine doesn't allow appointments.
Is there a Happy Hour offered at Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine?
Happy hour is not offered at Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine.
Is there bike parking at your restaurant?
No, unfortunately there is no bike parking at Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine.
Is there parking at Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine?
Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine has street parking.
Is your restaurant good for groups?
Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine is good for groups.
What is the ambience of Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine?
The ambience of Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine is casual.
Will I be able to pay with a credit card at Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine?
Credit cards are accepted at Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine.
Can I get vegan food there?
MaMa Ji's does have vegan friendly options.
Can I order delivery at MaMa Ji's?
MaMa Ji's does offer delivery services.
Do you allow dogs?
It does not allow dogs.
Do you guys offer WiFi?
No MaMa Ji's  doesn't offer free WiFi.
Does MaMa Ji's accept Apple Pay?
Apple Pay is not accepted at MaMa Ji's.
Does MaMa Ji's have any television services?
No, there are no TVs at MaMa Ji's.
Does MaMa Ji's have seating for groups?
MaMa Ji's is not good for groups.
Does MaMa Ji's offer outdoor seating?
MaMa Ji's has outdoor seats.
Is MaMa Ji's a good place for kids?
MaMa Ji's is a good place for kids.
Is MaMa Ji's wheelchair accessible?
No, MaMa Ji's is not wheelchair accessible.
Is alcohol served at MaMa Ji's?
Yes, but beer and wine only.
Is take-out offered at Mama Ji's?
MaMa Ji's does offer takeout.
Is there a happy hour?
MaMa Ji's does offer happy hour services.
Is there parking for bikes there?
Yes bike can be parked at MaMa Ji's.
Is there parking nearby?
Street parking is available at MaMa Ji's.
Must I make a reservation for dinner at MaMa Ji's?
They do not accept reservations at MaMa Ji's.
What is the ambiance at MaMa Ji's?
The ambiance of MaMa Ji's is casual, and classy.
What is the noise level at MaMa Ji's?
The noise level at MaMa Ji's is average.
What kind of pay is accepted/
MaMa Ji's does not accept Google Pay.
What payment methods are accepted at MaMa Ji's?
They accept cash and credit cards.
Are there meatless options available?
Mama's On Washington Square does offer vegan options.
Are vegetarian options available at Mama's On Washington Square?
Yes vegetarian options are available.
Can I use Google pay at Mama's On Washington Square?
No, Google Pay is not accepted here.
Do you guys take reservations?
No, reservations are not taken at Mama's.
Do you have a happy hour?
Mama's on Washington Square does not offer Happy Hour.
Does Mama's On Washington Square accept Apple Pay?
Apple Pay is not accepted at Mama's On Washington Square.
Does Mama's On Washington Square accept credit cards?
Mama's On Washington Square does not accept credit cards.
Does Mama's On Washington Square have a parking lot?
No, only street parking is available.
Does Mama's On Washington Square offer delivery?
No, it does not have a delivery service.
Does Mama's On Washington Square offer take-out ordering?
Mama's On Washington Square does not offer take-out ordering.
Does the Mama's On Washington Square have TV?
TV is not available at Mama's On Washington Square.
How is the noise level at Mama's On Washington Square?
Average noise level at Mama's On Washington Square.
Is Mama's On Washington Square recommended for groups?
It is not recommended for groups.
Is WiFi available at Mama's On Washington Square?
Free WiFi is not offered at Mama's On Washington Square.
Is there a place to park my bike at Mama's on Washington Square?
Bike parking is available.
Is there alcohol there?
This establishment serves beer and wine only.
Is there patio seating available?
Outdoor seating is not available at Mama's On Washington Square.
Is your restaurant kid-friendly?
Mama's On Washington Square is kid friendly.
What is the ambient environment like at your establishment?
Casual, classy ambience at Mama's On Washington Square.
are dogs allowed?
Dogs are not allowed.
Do you currently accept credit cards?
Mangal Mediterranean Restaurant accepts credit cards.
Do you take reservations?
No, Mangal Mediterranean Restaurant does not take reservations.
Does Mangal Mediterranean Restaurant have outdoor seating?
Mangal Mediterranean Restaurant does not have outdoor seating.
Does Mangal Mediterranean Restaurant have tv?
There is TV at Mangal Mediterranean Restaurant.
Does Mangal Mediterranean Restaurant offer a delivery service?
Yes, Mangal Mediterranean Restaurant offers a delivery service.
Does Mangal Mediterranean Restaurant offer free WiFi?
Mangal Mediterranean Restaurant does not offer free WiFi.
Does the Mangal Mediterranean Restaurant offer takeout?
Yes, Mangal Mediterranean Restaurant offers takeout.
Hey, I was wondering if you guys are a good dining option for kids?
Yes, Mangal Mediterranean Restaurant is a good place for kids.
Is there a happy hour here?
Mangal Mediterranean Restaurant does not offer happy hour.
do you serve groups
Mangal Mediterranean Restaurant is good for groups.
Are pets allowed there?
No, dogs are not allowed at Manna.
Can you guys do take out?
Yes, Manna has take-out available.
Do you accept credit cards?
Manna does accept Credit Cards.
Do you accept the payment with Apple Pay?
Apple Pay is not accepted.
Do you have TV there?
No, Manna doesn't have TV.
Do you have have wheelchair access?
Manna is wheelchair accessible.
Do you have high chairs?
Yes, Manna does have high chairs for babies to use.
Do you have parking for bikes?
Manna has bike parking.
Does Manna accept Google Pay?
Manna does not accept Google Pay.
Does Manna accept reservations?
Manna does not offer reservation services.
Does Manna have happy hour?
Yes, it has happy hour.
Does Manna have high chairs available for children?
Manna is good for kids and has high chairs.
Does it get loud often?
The noise level is typically average at Manna.
Does the Manna have vegan  options?
Yes, Vegan options are available.
Hi, can one order delivery from you guys?
No you cannot order delivery.
How is the ambience at Manna?
The ambience at Manna is casual and classy.
I am vegetarian so are there options there for me?
There are vegetarian option available at Manna.
Is Manna good for groups?
Manna is not good for groups.
Is free WiFi available at Manna?
Free WiFi is not offered at Manna.
Is outdoor seating available at Manna?
It does not offer outdoor seating.
What kind of alcohol is served here?
Manna serves beer and wine only.
what parking is available at Manna?
No, only street parking is available.
Can a pizza be purchased by Bitcoin?
Cryptocurrency is not accepted.
Could you please describe the ambience at Marcella's Lasagneria?
The ambience is casual.
Do I need a reservation for Marcella's Lasagneria?
Marcella's Lasagneria does take reservations.
Does Marcella's Lasagneria accept Apple Pay?
Yes, this establishment accepts Apple Pay.
Does the Marcella's Lasagneria good for Groups?
Yes, Marcella's Lasagneria is good for groups.
Does the Marcella's Lasagneria offer take-out ordering?
Yes, this establishment offers take-out ordering.
Is Google Pay accepted for payment?
Google Pay is not accepted at Marcella's Lasagneria.
Is a full bar available?
Marcella's Lasagneria serves alcohol but only beer and wine
Is it too loud to talk there?
The noise level at Marcella's Lasagneria is average.
Is outdoor seating available at Marcella's Lasagneria?
Outdoor seating is available at Marcella's Lasagneria.
Is there a television there?
Marcella's Lasagneria does not have TV.
Is there parking available for my bike?
Bike parking is available.
Is this restaurant child friendly?
Marcella's Lasagneria is suitable for children.
What is your dress code?
Attire is casual at Macella's Lasagneria.
What kind of parking is offered?
There is street parking.
What payment options are accepted at Marcella's Lasagneria?
Apple Pay and credit cards are accepted at Marcella's Lasagneria.
do you have free wi fi
Marcella's Lasagneria does not offer free WiFi.
Are dogs allowed in Marlowe?
Dogs are not allowed.
Are high chairs available at Marlowe?
Yes, Marlowe has high chairs available.
Can I get to-go at Marlowe?
Take-out ordering is offered at Marlowe.
Do you guys take Google Pay?
The Marlowe does not accept Google Pay.
Do you serve alcohol?
Marlowe serves a full bar.
Does Marlowe have outdoor seating?
Marlowe does not have outdoor seating available.
Does Marlowe offer Delivery service?
Delivery service is not offered at Marlowe.
Does Marlowe offer happy hour?
Marlowe does have happy hour.
Does Marlowe take reservations?
Marlowe takes reservations.
Does Marlowe's accept credit cards?
Marlowe's accepts credit cards.
Does the Marlowe accept Apple Pay?
Marlowe does not accept Apple Pay.
Hey, do you guys have a TV there?
TV is not available at the Marlowe.
Is Marlowe good for kids?
Marlowe is not good for kids.
Is smoking allowed at Marlowe?
Smoking is not allowed at Marlowe.
Is there WiFi at Marlowe?
They do not offer WiFi at all.
Is there a garage or parking there?
There is garage and street parking available at Marlowe.
Is there any bike parking at Marlowe?
Marlowe has bike parking.
What is the atmosphere?
Marlowe has a Trendy, and Classy ambience.
What is the sound like at Marlowe?
Found it to be a little noisy
can you accomodate groups
Yes, it is recommended for groups.
Are dogs allowed there?
Dogs are not Allowed at the Marnee Thai
Can you tell me about the noise level at this restaurant?
The noise level is typically average at Marnee Thai.
Do you have TV?
Marnee Thai does have TV.
Do you offer delivery?
Yes a delivery service is offered.
Do you take credit cards?
Credit cards are accepted at Marnee Thai.
Does Marnee Thai accept Google Pay?
Marnee Thai does not accept Google Pay.
Does Marnee Thai accept Google Pay?
Google Pay is not accepted at Marnee Thai.
Does Marnee Thai have vegeterian friendly options?
Mamee Thai does not have vegetarian friendly options.
Does Marnee Thai offer free WiFi service?
Marnee Thai does not offer free WiFi.
Does Marnee Thai offer parking?
Both street parking and private lot parking are available at Marnee Thai.
Does Marnee Thai offer take out ordering?
Take-out ordering is offered at Marnee Thai.
Does Marnee Thai offer vegan options?
There are vegan options available at Marnee Thai.
Does Marnee Thai serve alcohol?
Marnee Thai serves beer and wine only.
Does Marnee Thai take reservations?
Yes, Marnee Thai takes reservations.
Does the Marnee Thai good for Groups?
Marnee Thai is good for groups.
Does the Marnee Thai have Bike parking ?
Bike parking is available.
Is Marnee Thai a good place to bring kids?
Marnee Thai is good for kids.
Is outdoor seating available?
Outdoor seating isn't available at Marnee Thai.
What is the ambience at Marnee Thai?
The ambience is casual, classy.
When is happy hour?
Happy hour is not offered at Marnee Thai.
Can I get delivery service at Mars Bar & Restaurant?
Mars Bar & Restaurant offers take-out and delivery.
Do they offer seating outside?
Mars Bar & Restaurant has outdoor seats.
Do you have a delivery service?
Mars Bar & Restaurant offers delivery service.
Does Mars Bar & Restaurant have TV available?
Mars Bar & Restaurant does have TV available.
Does Mars Bar & Restaurant have free WiFi?
Mars Bar & Restaurant offers free WiFi.
Does Mars Bar & Restaurant have happy hour?
Yes, this establishment offers happy hour specials.
Does Mars Bar & Restaurant offer live music?
Mars Bar & Restaurant does not offer live music.
Hi, I was just wondering if you have parking available for bikes?
Bike parking is available at Mars Bar & Restaurant
How loud is the noise level there?
Mars Bar & Restaurant has an average noise level.
Is Mars Bar & Restaurant good for group?
Yes, Mars Bar & Restaurant is good for groups.
Is Mars Bar & Restaurant kid-friendly?
No, Mars Bar & Restaurant is not kid-friendly.
Is there alcohol at Mars Bar & Restaurant?
Yes, there is a full bar.
What is the ambiance at Mars Bar & Restaurant?
It has good food and drinks, a place to sit outside and have a relaxing meal. Over all I would say up scale causal.
What payment methods are accepted at Mars Bar & Restaurant?
Mars Bar & Restaurant accepts credit cards.
Where can I park?
Parking is only Streets.
Can I order take out?
Marufuku Ramen SF offers take out ordering as a option.
Can I pay with Google Pay?
Marufuku Ramen SF does not accept Google Pay.
Can I use my wheelchair there?"
Yes, Marufuku Ramen SF is wheelchair accessible.
Can you tell me what the ambiance is like?
The ambience of Marufuku Ramen SF is trendy, classy, and casual.
Deos Marufuku Ramen SF allow dogs?
Marufuku Ramen SF does not allow dogs.
Do you guys accept Apple Pay?
Apple Pay is not accepted.
Do you guys have any parking there?
The only parking available for Marufuku Ramen SF is the parking garage.
Do you guys have wi-fi?
Marufuku Ramen SF does not offer WiFi.
Do you guys offer happy hour?
Marufuku Ramen SF does not offer Happy Hour.
Do you guys take reservations?
Marufuku Ramen SF does not take reservations.
Do you have TV available at your location?
Marufuku Ramen SF has no TV.
Do you serve cocktails?
Marufuku Ramen SF Serves Beer and Wine Only
Does Marufuku Ramen SF have vegan options?
Yes, Marufuku Ramen SF has vegan friendly options on their menu.
Does Marufuku Ramen SF offer high chairs?
Yes, high chairs are available.
Is Marufuku Ramen SF good for kids?
Marufuku Ramen SF is good for kids.
Is there anywhere for me to park my bike?
Bike parking is available at Marufuku Ramen SF.
Is there outdoor seating?
Marufuku Ramen SF does not offer outdoor seating.
Is this place good for groups?
Yes, Marufuku Ramen SF is a good place for groups.
What is the noise level?
The noise level is average.
What payments does Marufuku Ramen SF accept?
Marufuku accepts cash and credit cards only.
do you have a delivery service
Delivery is offered at Marufuku Ramen SF.
Are reservations necessary there?
No, Mensho Tokyo doesn't accept reservations.
Can I park my bike at Mensho Tokyo?
No, Mensho Tokyo doesn't offer bike parking.
Do they allow dogs there?
Mensho Tokyo does not allow dogs.
Do you offer happy-hour?
No, this establishment does not offer happy hour.
Do you offer take out ordering?
Mensho Tokyo does not offer take-out ordering.
Do you take Apple Pay?
Mensho Tokyo does not accept Apple Pay.
Does Mensho Tokyo have WiFi?
Mensho Tokyo does not offer Wifi
Does Mensho Tokyo have vegan friendly options?
Mensho Tokyo does have vegan friendly options.
Does Mensho Tokyo offer delivery?
No, Mensho Tokyo does not offer delivery.
Does Mensho Tokyo serve alcohol?
This establishment serves beer and wine only.
Does Mensho Tokyo support Google Pay?
Mensho Tokyo doesn't support Google Pay as payment method.
Does the Mensho Tokyo have high chairs for Kids?
Mensho Tokyo has high chairs available.
Hey what's the ambience like at Mensho Tokyo?
The ambience is casual, classy.
Hey, do you guys have TV available there?
Yes, TV is available at Mensho Tokyo.
How many and what kind of payment options does your establishment take from its customers?
Mensho Tokyo only accepts credit card as its primary payment option.
I am hard of hearing, what is the normal noise level?
The noise level is average.
I have a group of 10, can you accomadate?
Yes, Mensho Tokyo is a good option for groups.
Is outdoor seating available at Mensho Tokyo?
Outdoor seating is not available at Mensho Tokyo.
Is the restaurant good for kids?
No, it is not good for kids.
Is there parking available?
Parking at Mensho Tokyo is available in the garage, street and at a private lot.
What is offered at Mensho Tokyo?
Mensho Tokyo does have soy free options.
Can I get to-go at Molinari Delicatessen?
Take-out is available.
Can you accommodate a largish group of people?
Molinari Delicatessen is not good for groups.
Do you accept Google Pay?
No, Molinari Delicatessen does not accept Google Pay.
Do you allow sneakers and jeans?
Ambience is classy and causal at Molinari Delicatessen.
Do you have outdoor seating?
Molinari Delicatessen does have outdoor seating.
Does Molinari Delicatessen have TV?
Molinari Delicatessen does not have TV.
Does Molinari Delicatessen have WiFi?
Molinari Delicatessen does not have WiFi.
Does Molinari Delicatessen have bike parking?
Bike parking is available at Molinari Delicatessen.
Does Molinari Delicatessen offer delivery service?
The Molinari Delicatessen does offer delivery service
Does the restaurant take reservations?
Yes, it does take reservations.
How's the noise there?
The noise level at this establishment is average.
Is Apple Pay accepted at Molinari Delicatessen?
Apple Pay is not accepted at Molinari Delicatessen.
Is Molinari Delicatessen a dog friendly zone?
Molinari Delicatessen isn't a dog friendly zone.
Is Molinari Delicatessen suitable for children?
Molinari Delicatessen is not suitable for children.
Is your establishment wheelchair accessible?
Molinari Delicatessen is wheelchair accessible.
What kind of drinks Molinari Delicatessen serves?
Molinari Delicatessen serves beer and wine only.
What kind of parking do you have?
There is available street parking.
What payment options are available at Molinari Delicatessen?
They accept cash and credit cards.
Are children good at Morty's Delicatessen?
Morty's Delicatessen is good for kids.
Are there takeout and delivery services at Morty's Delicatessen?
Morty's Delicatessen offers pick-up and delivery services.
Can I make a reservation?
Reservations are not accepted.
Can I park my bike at Morty's Delicatessen?
There is bike parking at Morty's Delicatessen.
Do have a TV at your location?
TV is available at Morty's Delicatessen.
Do they accept credit cards at Morty's Delicatessen?
Yes they do accept it.
Do you offer outdoor seating?
Morty's Delicatessen has no outdoor seats.
Does Morty's Delicatessen offer take-out ordering?
Morty's Delicatessen offers take-out ordering.
Does Morty's Delicatessen serve any alcohol?
Morty's Delicatessen does not serve alcohol.
If WifI free at Morty's Delicatessen?
Morty's Delicatessen does not offer free WiFi.
Is Apple Pay okay?
Morty's Delicatessen accepts credit cards and Apple Pay.
Is Morty's Delicatessen good for groups?
Morty's Delicatessen is suitable for groups.
Is street parking available at your location?
Morty's Delicatessen does offer street parking.
What is the noise level at Morty's Delicatessen?
The noise level is average at Morty's.
What's the ambience like inside your restaurant?
The ambience is casual.
Are dogs allowed at My Tofu House?
No, dogs are not allowed.
Are reservations necessary there?
My Tofu House is not taking any reservations.
Can I get alcoholic drinks at My Tofu House?
My Tofu House does not serve alcohol.
Do you have a TV to see the game?
TV is available at My Tofu House.
Do you have a happy hour?
No, My Tofu Hour doesn't offer happy hour.
Do you have a place for me to park my bike?
My Tofu House does not offer bike parking.
Do you have vegetarian options?
Vegetarian food is available at My Tofu House.
Does My Tofu House have space for groups?
Yes, My Tofu House is good for groups.
Does My Tofu House offer WiFi service?
My Tofu House does not offer WiFi service.
Does My Tofu House serve vegan food?
My Tofu House has vegan friendly options.
Does My Tofu House take Google Pay?
Google Pay is not accepted.
Does the My Tofu House offer take-out ordering?
Take out ordering is available at My Tofu House.
Hey, do you guys do delivery?
My Tofu House does not offer delivery service.
Is Apple Pay accepted at My Tofu House?
My Tofu House does not accept Apple Pay
Is My Tofu House good for kids?
Yes, My Tofu House is good for kids.
Is there outdoor seating at My Tofu House?
Outdoor seating is not available at My Tofu House.
What is the atmosphere?
The ambiance of My Tofu House is casual and classy.
What is the noise level at My Tofu House?
The noise level at My Tofu House is average.
What payment options does My Tofu House take?
Credit debit cash
What type of parking is available at My Tofu House?
My Tofu House offers street parking.
do you have infant high chairs
Yes, My Tofu House has high chairs for babies.
Are TV's located in rooms?
the hotel provides TV in rooms
Are dogs allowed there?
New Dumpling King isn't a dog friendly zone.
Can I pay with Apple Pay at New Dumpling King?
New Dumpling King does not accept Apple Pay.
Do you have happy hour?
New Dumpling King offers happy hour.
Does New Dumpling King accept credit cards?
New Dumpling King accepts credit cards.
Does New Dumpling King have bike parking?
Bike parking is available at New Dumpling King.
Does New Dumpling King serve imported wine?
New Dumpling King not serving alcohol.
Does the New Dumpling King have vegan friendly options?.
New Dumpling King does have vegan friendly options.
Hey, can you guys accommodate large groups?
Yes, it is recommended for large groups.
Hey, do you guys have outdoor seating there at New Dumpling King?
No, New Dumpling King does not have outdoor seating.
Is New Dumpling King a quiet restaurant?
The noise level is average at New Dumpling King.
Is New Dumpling King wheelchair accessible?
New Dumpling King is a wheelchair accessible site.
Is parking available at New Dumpling King?
The only parking available at New Dumpling King is street parking.
Is there takeout available?
Takeout is an option offered by New Dumpling King.
Is your internet free?
Yes. New Dumpling King offers free WiFi.
What kind of delivery service is offered?
New Dumpling King offers delivery service for its customer.
do you accept reservations
Yes, New Dumpling King accepts reservations.
Are there any vegan options on the menu?
New Eritrea Restaurant & Bar does offer vegan friendly options.
Can I bring my dog to New Eritrea Restaurant & Bar?
New Eritrea Restaurant & Bar doesn't allow to dogs.
Can I make a reservation at New Eritrea Restaurant & Bar?
Reservations are accepted at New Eritrea Restaurant & Bar.
Do you have any outdoor seating?
outdoor seats are not available
Do you have parking for my bike
Bike parking is available at New Eritrea Restaurant & Bar.
Do you serve groups of people?
New Eritrea Restaurant & Bar is good for groups.
Do you take Google Pay?
No, they do not accept Google Pay.
Does New Eritrea Restaurant & Bar accept Apple Pay?
New Eritrea Restaurant & Bar does not accept Apple Pay.
Does New Eritrea Restaurant & Bar have a TV?
Yes, New Eritrea Restaurant & Bar has TVs in their establishment.
Does New Ertirea Restaurant & Bar offer a full bar?
New Ertirea Restaurant & Bar offers a full bar.
Does the New Eritrea Restaurant & Bar have Delivery Service?
The New Eritrea Restaurant & Bar Does have a Delivery Service
How is the ambience of New Eritrea Restaurant & Bar?
The ambience of New Eritrea Restaurant & Bar is considered casual and classy.
Is WiFi available at your location?
WiFi is unavailable.
Is take out ordering available at New Eritrea Restaurant & Bar?
New Eritrea Restaurant & Bar offers take-out ordering at no additional fee.
Is there parking at the New Eritrea Restaurant & Bar?
Street parking is available at New Eritrea Restaurant & Bar.
What kind of payment is accepted?
New Eritrea Restaurant & Bar offers credit card payment only.
What type of things are at New Eritrea Restaurant & Bar?
Yes, New Eritrea Restaurant & Bar is kid-friendly.
what is the noise level like?
Noise level at New Eritrea Restaurant & Bar is average.
Can I bring my dog into New Fortune Restaurant?
Dogs are not allowed at New Fortune restaurant.
Do you accept credit cards?
Yes, New Fortune Restaurant accepts both cash and credit card payments.
Do you have any outdoor seating?
No, there is no outdoor seating.
Do you have take-out service available there?
Yes, take-out ordering is available here.
Do you offer happy hour?
New Fortune Restaurant does not have happy hour.
Do you offer reservations at this restaurant?
New Fortune Restaurant offers reservation for its customers.
Does New Fortune Restaurant accept Apple Pay?
No, they do not accept Apple Pay.
Does New Fortune Restaurant accept Google Pay?
New Fortune Restaurant does not accept Google Pay.
Does New Fortune Restaurant accommodate bicycle parking?
New Fortune Restaurant does not accommodate parking for bicycles.
Does New Fortune Restaurant offer delivery service?
No, New Fortune Restaurant does not offer delivery.
Does New Fortune Restaurant offer vegan friendly options?
New Fortune Restaurant offers vegan friendly options.
Does New Fortune Restaurant serve alcohol?
No, New Fortune Restaurant does not serve alcohol.
Hi, is there WiFi available there for diners?
WiFi is available for free at New Fortune Restaurant.
How is the noise level at this location?
The noise level is average.
Is New Fortune Restaurant a good place for groups?
No, New Fortune Restaurant is not a good place for groups.
Is cryptocurrency offered.
New Fortune Restaurant does not accept Cryptocurrency.
Is there a TV at New Fortune Restaurant?
New Fortune Restaurant does not have a TV.
Is there wheelchair access at the New Fortune Restaurant?
New Fortune Restaurant  allows wheelchair accessible.
Is this a kid friendly restaurant?
New Fortune Restaurant is perfect for kids.
What is the ambiance level at the restaurant?
Ambience level is casual at New Fortune Restaurant.
Are reservations accepted?
No, it does not take reservations.
Can I pay with Cryptcurrency at Newkirk's?
Newkirk's does not accept Cryptocurrency.
Does Newkirk's accept Apple Pay?
Newkirk's does not accept Apple Pay.
Does Newkirk's have gluten free options?
You cannot find gluten free options at Newkirk's.
Does Newkirk's have tv?
No, Newkirk's doesn't have TV.
Does Newkirk's offer delivery?
Delivery is available for orders over $2.99.
Does Newkirk's serve cocktails?
Newkirk's does serve alcohol in the form of beer & wine only.
Does the Newkirk's accept Google Pay?
Newkirk's does accept Google Pay.
Is Newkirk's wheelchair accessible?
Newkirk's is wheelchair accessible.
Is it possible to dine outside at Newkirk's?
No outdoor seating is available at Newkirk's.
Is takeout available at Newkirk's?
Newkirk's does offer takeout ordering.
Is there WiFi service available at Newkirk's?
WiFi is available for free at Newkirk's.
Is there a happy hour at Newkirk's?
Yes, Newkirk's offers happy hour.
Is there bike parking there?
No, there is no bike parking.
Is this place good for groups?
Newkirk's is good for groups.
What is the ambience at Newkirk's?
The ambience of Newkirk's is casual.
What's the noise level at Newkirk's?
Noise level is u
Where should I park?
You can park on the street at Newkirk's.
Will my kids like it?
Newkirk's is a good place for kids.
Would I be able to pay with my Visa card?
Credit cards are accepted at Newkirk's.
Are groups able to be served?
Nick's Crispy Tacos is ideal for large groups.
Are there vegan options at Nick's Crispy Tacos?
vegan option is available at the hotel
Can I order delivery at Nick's Crispy Tacos?
Yes, this establishment offers delivery service.
Can I place an order for Take-Out at Nick's?
Nick's Crispy Tacos offers take-out.
Does Nick's Crispy Tacos accept Cryptocurrency?
It does not accept Cryptocurrency.
Does Nick's Crispy Tacos accept Google Pay?
They do not accept Google Pay.
Does Nick's Crispy Tacos accept dogs?
Nick's Crispy Tacos does not allow dogs.
Does Nick's Crispy Tacos have TV?
Nick's Crispy Tacos has TV.
Does Nick's Crispy Tacos have high chairs available for babies?
Yes. Nick's Crispy Tacos have high chairs available for babies.
Does the Nick's Crispy Tacos have wheelchair accessible?
Yes. Nick's Crispy Tacos offers wheelchair accessible.
Good afternoon, I was just calling to see if you offer free WiFi?
Free WiFi is available at Nick's Crispy Taco.
Hey do you guys serve alcohol there?
Nick's Crispy Tacos offers full bar alcohol along with happy hour specials.
Hey, can you tell me if you accept Apple Pay there?
They do not accept Apple pay
Is there a drive-thru at Nick's Crispy Tacos?
No, Nick's Crispy Tacos does not have a drive-thru.
Is there a happy hour at Nick's Crispy Tacos?
Yes, Nick's Crispy Tacos offers happy hour.
Is there any outdoor seating area at Nick's Crispy Tacos?
Smoking is allowed in the outdoor area/patio only.
Is there bike parking at Nick's Crispy Tacos?
Bike parking is available at Nick's Crispy Tacos.
Is this restaurant a good choice for kids?
Nick's Crispy Tacos is Kids-friendly and is good for kids.
What is the atmosphere like there?
Ambience is casual at Nick's Crispy Tacos.
What is the noise level at Nick's Crispy Tacos?
Noise level is average at Nick's Crispy Tacos.
Where can I park when I come to Nick's Crispy Tacos?
Parking on the Streets.
can i make a reservation
Reservation service is offered at Nick's Crispy Tacos.
what forms of payment do you accept
Nick's Crispy Tacos accepts only cash, checks or Levelup.
Are highchairs available?
Nob Hill Cafe has high chairs for babies.
Can I bring my dog into Nob Hill Cafe?
Dogs are not allowed at Nob Hill Cafe.
Can I make reservations at Nob Hill Cafe?
Nob Hill Cafe does not take reservations.
Do you accept Apple Pay?
Apple Pay is not accepted at the Nob Hill Cafe.
Do you guys have TV?
Nob Hill Cafe does have TV
Do you offer vegan friendly options at your cafe?
Yes, this establishment offers vegan-friendly menu options.
Does Nob Hill Cafe have delivery service ?
Nob Hill Cafe does not offer delivery service.
Does Nob Hill Cafe have free WiFi?
Nob Hill Cafe does not offer free WiFi.
Does Nob Hill Cafe offer outdoor seating?
Yes, it has outdoor seating.
How would you describe the atmosphere?
Nob Hill Cafe has a casual and classy ambience.
Is Nob Hill Cafe good for kids?
Nob Hill Cafe is good for kids.
Is alcohol served?
Nob Hill Cafe serves beer and wine.
Is restaurant a good option for groups?
No, Nob Hill Cafe is not a good place for groups.
Is take-out ordering offered at Nob Hill Cafe?
Yes, Nob Hill Cafe offers take-out.
Is there a happy hour there?
No, Nob Hill Cafe does not offer happy hour.
What credit cards are accepted?
All major credit cards are accepted
What kind of noise level is at Nob Hill Cafe?
Average noise level at Nob Hill Cafe.
Where can I park at Nob Hill Cafe?
Parking is available on the street or garage at Nob Hill Cafe.
is there bike parking?
Bike parking is available.
what is the ambience at Nob Hill Cafe?
The ambience at Nob Hill Cafe is casual, classy.
Are there vegan friendly options at Nojo Ramen Tavern?
Yes. Nojo Ramen Tavern have vegan friendly options.
Can I bring my dog to Nojo Ramen Tavern?
Nojo Ramen Tavern does not allow dogs.
Can I make a reservation for dinner this evening?
No, Nojo Ramen Tavern does not take reservations.
Can I watch Sunday afternoon football on TV at Nojo Ramen?
Nojo Ramen Tavern does not have TV.
Do you have delivery service in the immediate area?
No, Nojo Ramen Tavern doesn't offer delivery.
Do you have high chairs there?
Nojo Ramen Tavern does have high chairs.
Do you serve alcohol?
Nojo Ramen Tavern serves beer and wine.
Does Nojo Ramen Tavern accept credit cards?
Nojo Ramen Tavern accepts credit cards.
Does Nojo Ramen Tavern have vegeterian friendly options?
Nojo Ramen Tavern does not have vegetarian friendly options.
Does Nojo Ramen Tavern offer take-out?
No, Nojo Ramen Tavern does not offer take-out.
Does Nojo Ramen Tavern provide outdoor seating?
Nojo Ramen Tavern does not provide outdoor seating.
Does Nojo Ramen take Apply Pay?
No, Nojo Ramen Tavern doesn't accept Apple Pay.
Does the Nojo Ramen Tavern accept Google Pay?
This tavern does not accept Google Pay.
Does the Nojo Ramen Tavern cater to groups?
Nojo Ramen Tavern is not considered a good option for groups.
Hey, are you guys wheelchair accessible?
the site is wheelchair frienly
Is Nojo Ramen Tavern a good place for kids?
Nojo Ramen Tavern is perfect for kids.
Is cryptocurrency accepted at Nojo Ramen Tavern?
Nojo Ramen Tavern does not accept Cryptocurrency.
Is free WiFi available at Nojo Ramen Tavern?
There is free WiFi available at Nojo Ramen Tavern.
Is there bike parking at Nojo Ramen Tavern?
Nojo Ramen Tavern offer bike parking.
What is the ambience at Nojo Ramen Tavern?
Ambience of Nojo Ramen Tavern is casual, trendy. classy.
What is the noise level at your restaurant?
Noise level is average at Nojo Ramen Tavern.
What parking does Nojo Ramen Tavern offer?
Street parking is available at Nojo Ramen Tavern.
Are there vegan options at Nopa?
Yes, there are vegan options.
Are you guys good for groups?
Yes. Nopa is good for groups.
Can I bring my dog to Nopa?
Dogs are not allowed.
Can I get vegetarian food at Nopa?
Vegetarian foods is offered at Nopa.
Can you tell me about the dress code and attire?
There is no dress code at Nopa. Casual attire is acceptable.
Do I have to make an appointment to go to Nopa?
Nopa is not by appointment only.
Do you guys have street parking?
Street parking is available at Nopa.
Do you have an outdoor patio?
No, Nopa doesn't have outdoor seating.
Do you have bike parking?
Bike parking is available.
Does Nopa accept Google Pay?
Nopa does not accept Google Pay.
Does Nopa accept reservations?
Nopa takes reservations.
Does Nopa have any television services?
No. Nopa does not have a TV.
Does Nopa have drive thru service?
Drive thru service is not provided.
Does the JNopa accept Apple Pay?
Apple Pay is not accepted.
Does the Nopa offer Free Wifi?
WiFi is not available at Nopa.
Is Alcohol available at Nopa?
Alcohol is available at full bar at Nopa.
Is delivery offerd?
Nopa does not offer delivery service.
Is it good for children at Nopa?
Nopa is considered a good restaurant for kids.
Is there take-out available?
Nopa  not offering take-out ordering.
What forms of payment can i use?
Nopa accepts cash and credit cards.
What is the ambience of Nopa?
The ambience is trendy, classy.
What is the average noise level at Nopa?
The noise level at Nopa is loud.
What time is happy hour?
Nopa does not offer happy hour.
Are dogs allowed?
Unfortunately, Nopalito does not allow dogs in their establishment.
Can we sit outside at Nopalito?
Nopalito has outdoor seats.
Can you tell me about parking at your location?
Nopalito has street parking.
Do you accept reservations for dinner?
No, Nopalito does not accept reservations.
Do you offer beer only?
Yes, Nopalito has a full bar.
Do you offer delivery service?
Nopalito does not offer delivery service.
Do you take reservations for a group of people?
Yes. Nopalito is good for groups.
Does Nopalito have WiFi?
WiFi is not provided.
Does Nopalito have vegetarian options?
Nopalito have lot of vegeterian friendly options.
Hi, can you tell me if there are any vegan dishes offered?
Nopalito has vegan friendly options.
Is Apple Pay accepted at Nopalito?
Nopalito does not accept Apple Pay.
Is take-out offered at Nopalito?
Yes, take-out is offered.
Is there a TV at Nopalito?
Nopalito does not have TV.
Is there bike parking at Nopalito?
Bike parking is available at Nopalito.
Is there drive through at Nopalito?
No, there is no drive through at Nopalito.
Is your restaurant kid friendly?
Yes, Nopalito is good for kids.
What is the ambience of Nopalito?
The ambience is casual, classy.
What is the noise level like there?
The noise level at Nopalito is average.
What payment options are there?
Nopalito accepts credit cards.
Are there groups accepted?
Nopalito is good for groups.
Can I bring my dog to Nopalito?
Yes, dogs are allowed.
Can you tell me what payment methods Nopaito takes?
Credi . Debit cash
Do you have a drive-through for to-go orders?
There is no drive-thru at Nopalito, but pick-up is available.
Do you have a happy hour on weekdays?
Yes, Nopalito offers happy hour.
Do you have high chairs available at Nopalito?
High chairs are available at Nopalito.
Do you offer take out or delivery?
Nopalito currently offers take-out ordering.
Does Napalito have any vegetarian options?
Nopalito does have vegetarian options.
Does Nopalito accept Apple Pay?
Nopalito does not accept Apple Pay.
Does Nopalito accept Cryptocurrency as a payment option?
The site does not mention Cryptocurrency.
Does Nopalito have outdoor seating?
Nopalito has outdoor seating available.
Does Nopalito have reservation service?
Nopalito doesn't support reservation service for its customers.
Does Nopalito have vegan options?
Nopalito has vegan options on its menu.
Does Nopalito offer bike parking?
Bike parking is available at Nopalito.
Does Nopalito serve alcohol?
Nopalito has a full bar to serve alcohol.
Does the Nopalito accept Google Pay?
Google Pay is not accepted.
Does your restaurant have free WiFi?
Free WiFi is not available at Nopalito.
Is Napolito wheelchair accessible?
Nopalito is wheelchair accessible.
Is Nopalito a good place to bring children?
Nopalito is a good place for kids.
Is it possible to get food delivered from Nopalito?
Delivery is available at Nopalito.
Is there TV at Nopalito?
TV is not available at Nopalito.
Is there a place to park at Nopalito?
This is a small parking lot and on the street parking
What's the atmosphere there?
Casual & Classy is the Ambience at Nopalito.
What's the noise level inside Nopalito?
The noise level is average.
Can I bring my dog to Nourish Cafe?
Yes, dogs are allowed at Nourish Cafe.
Can I make reservations at Nourish Cafe?
Nourish Cafe doesn't support reservation service to customers.
Can I pick up my order from Nourish Cafe through the drive thru?
You cannot pick up order from Nourish Cafe through the drive thru.
Do you have vegan meals?
Yes, there are vegan options.
Do you offer delivery?
Nourish Cafe offers delivery service.
Does Nourish Cafe accept Apple Pay?
No, Nourish Cafe doesn't accept Apple Pay.
Does Nourish Cafe accept cryptocurrency?
No, Nourish Cafe does not accept cryptocurrency.
Does Nourish Cafe have WiFi available?
Nourish Cafe does not offer WiFi.
Does the cafe have a television?
TV is not available at Nourish Cafe.
Hi, do you serve alcohol at your cafe?
No, Nourish Cafe doesn't serve alcohol.
How the nose meter there?
The noise level is average.
Is Google Pay accepted at Nourish Cafe?
They do not accept Google Pay at Nourish Cafe.
Is Nourish Cafe a good place for a group?
Nourish Cafe is not good for groups.
Is Nourish Cafe good for kids?
Yes.Nourish Cafe is good for kids.
Is take-out ordering is available at Nourish Cafe?
Yes, take-out ordering is available here.
Is there a happy hour at Nourish Cafe?
Nourish Cafe does not have a happy hour.
Is there bike parking at Nourish Cafe?
Bike Parking is available at Nourish Cafe.
Is there outdoor seating at Norish Cafe?
It provides outdoor seating.
What is the ambiance at Nourish Cafe?
The ambience is casual.
What payment methods are accepted at Nourish Cafe?
Credit cards are accepted at Nourish Cafe.  Apple Pay, google pay and cryptocurrency are not accepted.
do you have parking
There is street parking.
Are dogs allowed at Oasis Cafe?
Dogs are not allowed at Oasis Cafe.
Are reservations required at Oasis Cafe?
Yes, Oasis Cafe takes reservations.
Are you wheelchair accessible
Yes, it is wheelchair accessible.
Can i pay with Apple Pay there?
Oasis Cafe doesn't support Apple Pay as a payment method.
Do they take Google Pay?
Oasis Cafe doesn't support Google Pay.
Do you guys take checks?
Oasis Cafe only accept credit card as its primary payment method.
Do you offer take out ordering at Oasis Cafe?
Take out ordering is offered at Oasis Cafe.
Does Oasis Cafe have free wifi?
It offers free WiFi.
Does Oasis Cafe have vegan friendly food?
The Oasis Cafe does have vegan friendly options.
Does Oasis Cafe serve any alcohol?
Beer & Wine only, but no other alcohol is offered at Oasis Cafe.
Hi, can you tell me if you guys are good for groups?
Oasis Cafe is good for groups.
I was curious is there a television at Oasis Cafe?
TV is available at Oasis Cafe.
Is delivery possible at Oasis Cafe?
No, Oasis Cafe doesn't offer delivery service.
Is there bike parking available?
There is bike parking at Oasis Cafe.
Is there outdoor seating at Oasis Cafe?
Oasis Cafe does have outdoor seating.
Is this restaurant kid friendly?
The Oasis Cafe is good for kids.
What is the noise level at Oasis Cafe?
The noise level at the Oasis Cafe is rated as quiet.
What kind of parking is there?
Street parking is available at Oasis Cafe.
Would you please describe the restaurant's ambience?
Oasis Cafe has a casual ambience.
Are reservations required at Octavia?
Octavia takes reservations.
Can I order food for delivery at Octavia?
Delivery service is not provided.
Can I place a to-go order, please?
No.Octavia is not offers take-out ordering.
Do you accept Apple Pay?
It does not accept Apple Pay.
Does Octavia accept google pay?
Google Pay is not accepted at Octavia.
Does Octavia have TVs?
Octavia does not have TV.
Does Octavia serve alcohol?
Octavia serves Beer & Wine only.
Hey do you guys offer WiFi there at Octavia?
It does not have WiFi.
How loud is the environment at Octavia?
Noise level is average at Octavia.
If I come there, is there a place to park my bike?
Yes, Octavia offers bike parking.
Is Octavia a dog friendly place?
Octavia isn't a dog friendly zone.
Is Octavia a good place to bring kids?
Octavia is not good for kids
Is Octavia good for groups?
No.Octavia is not good for groups.
Is Octavia wheelchair accesible?
Octavia is a wheelchair accesible establishment.
Is parking available at Octavia?
No, only street parking is available at Octavia.
Is there outdoor seating at Octavia?
Outdoor seating is not offered at Octavia.
Neil except crypto currency as payment?
Octavia not accepting Cryptocurrency.
What kind of credit is accepted?
Accepts all Credit Cards at Octavia.
What's the ambience of Octavia?
Ambience of Octavia is classy.
Are there any vegan options on the menu at Old Jerusalem Restaurant?
Old Jerusalem Restaurant has several vegan friendly options. There are many meatless Middle Eastern dishes to choose from.
Can I bring my dog to Old Jerusalem Restaurant?
No, dogs are not allowed.
Can I order takeout from Old Jerusalem Restaurant?
you can get takeout from the Old Jerusalem Restaurant if you like.
Can I use Apple Pay at your establishment?
Yes, Old Jerusalem Restaurant takes Apple Pay.
Do you have free Wifi?
Yes, Old Jerusalem Restaurant offers free WiFi.
Do you offer delivery service at Old Jerusalem Restaurant?
Delivery Service is available at Old Jerusalem Restaurant.
Does Old Jerusalem Restaurant accept Google Pay?
It does not accept Google Pay.
Does Old Jerusalem Restaurant have a t.v.?
Old Jerusalem Restaurant does not have TV.
Does Old Jerusalem Restaurant offer outdoor seating?
Outdoor seating is available at Old Jerusalem Restaurant.
Does the Old Jerusalem Restaurant offer Car Parking?.
Parking is only available at street for Old Jerusalem Restaurant's customers.
Does the Old Jerusalem Restaurant offer happy hour specials?
No, Old Jerusalem Restaurant does not offer a happy hour.
Does your restaurant take reservations?
Yes, reservations are accepted.
Hi, do you serve alcohol?
No, Old Jerusalem Restaurant does not serve alcohol.
How is the noise level at Old Jerusalem Restaurant?
The noise level is average.
Is it good for children at Old Jerusalem Restaurant?
Old Jerusalem Restaurant is good for kids.
Is the Old Jerusalem Restaurant wheelchair accessible?
Old Jerusalem Restaurant is wheelchair accessible.
Is the restaurant good for groups?
Old Jerusalem Restaurant is good for groups.
Is there a dress code here?
There is no specific dress code at Old Jerusalem Restaurant and the average attire is casual.
Is there bike parking?
Yes, Old Jerusalem Restaurant offers bike parking.
What forms of payment do you accept?
Credit debit cash
What is the ambience and dress code for the Old Jerusalem Restaurant?
The ambience of Old Jerusalem Restaurant is considered casual.
Are groups good there?
Yes, it is recommended for groups.
Do they have outdoor seating available?
Outdoor seating is available at Opa cafe.
Do you accept reservations?
Opa cafe doesn't offer reservation service from customers.
Do you guys serve alcohol?
Opa cafe does not serve alcohol
Do you have parking for a bike available?
The Opa Cafe does offer bike parking.
Do you offer take-out ordering?
Take-out ordering is available at Opa Cafe.
Does Opa Cafe offer delivery service?
Opa cafe offers delivery service.
Does Opa cafe have free wifi?
Opa cafe does offer free wifi.
Does Opa cafe have vegan options?
Opa cafe has vegan options.
Does the Opa cafe allow dogs?
Dogs are not allowed.
Good evening, do you guys take Apple Pay there?
Opa Cafe accepts Apple Pay.
How noisy is it?
The noise level at Opa Cafe is average.
Is a parking lot available?
Parking at the Opa cafe is on the street.
Is it possible to watch sports at your facility?
Yes Opa cafe have TV.
Is there wheelchair accessibility at Opa Cafe?
Opa cafe is wheelchair accessible.
What forms of payment do you all accept?
Opa cafe offers both credit card and Apple Pay as payment option.
What is offered at Opa cafe?
Opa Cafe is kid friendly.
What is the ambiance like there?
Opa Cafe has a casual ambiance.
Are there vegan menu options available?
Yes, Outerlands has vegan-friendly menu options.
Do you accept Google Pay?
Outerlands does not accept Google Pay.
Do you have a happy hour?
Yes, this restaurant provides happy hour service.
Do you have high chairs for babies?
Outerlands hs high chairs available for babies.
Do you take Apple Pay?
Apple Pay is not accepted.
Does Outerlands accept any alternative payments, or just traditional ones?
Outerlands accepts credit cards, but does not accept Google Pay, Apple Pay, or cryptocurrency.
Does Outerlands accept crypocurrency?
Unfortunately, Outerlands does not accept cryptocurrency at their location.
Does Outerlands accepts reservations?
Outerlands does accept reservations.
Does Outerlands deliver?
Delivery service is not available.
Does Outerlands have a TV?
Outerlands does not have a TV.
Does Outerlands have free WiFi?
No, Outerlands doesn't offer free WiFi.
Does the Outerlands good for Groups?
Outerlands is not good for groups
Does your establishment have a full bar?
Yes, Outerlands has a full bar.
Hey, do you guys do take-out orders there?
No, Outerlands does not offer take-out ordering.
Is Outerlands good for kids?
Yes, Outerlands is good for kids.
Is parking available at Outerlands?
Outerlands offers street parking at its establishment.
Is there a special dress code at Outerlands?
Dress code at Outerlands is Casual.
Is there outdoor seating options?
Outerlands offers outdoor seats.
Is there parking available for bikes at Outerlands?
Outerlands does have bike parking.
What is the ambience at Outerlands like?
The ambience is hipster, casual
What is the noise level like at Outerlands?
The noise level is typically average at Outerlands.
Are there vegetarian options there?
Vegetarian food is served at Pacific Cafe.
Can I bring a group of 10?
No, Pacific Cafe isn't good for groups.
Can I make a reservation?
No, Pacific Cafe does not take reservations.
Can I park my car at Pacific Cafe?
Street parking for cars is available at Pacific Cafe.
Do you deliver?
Pacific Cafe does not offer delivery service.
Do you offer take out ordering?
Pacific Cafe offers take-out ordering.
Do you permit pets there?
No, dogs are prohibited at Pacific Cafe.
Do you serve alcohol?
The Pacific Cafe serves alcohol, but only beer and wine.
Does Pacific Cafe accept Google Pay?
Yes, Google Pay is accepted here.
Does Pacific Cafe offer free WiFi service?
No.Pacific Cafe is not  offering free WiFi.
Does the cafe have outdoor seating?
Pacific Cafe does not have outdoor seats.
Does your place have any high chairs?
Yes, Pacific Cafe has high chairs available.
Hey, can you tell me if you guys have bike parking there?
Bike parking is available at Pacific Cafe.
Hey, do you guys have a happy hour?
No, Pacific Cafe does not have happy hour.
I was wondering if you have a TV there.
Pacific Cafe does not have TV.
Is Apple Pay accepted at Pacific Cafe?
It accepts Apple Pay.
Is cryptocurrency accepted there?
Cryptourrency is not accepted at Pacific Cafe.
Is there wheelchair access?
Pacific Cafe is wheelchair accessible.
What is the noise level like there?
Noise level is average at Pacific Cafe.
What kind of ambience does Pacific Cafe have?
Casual ambience at Pacific Cafe.
What type of payment methods are accepted at the Pacific Cafe?
Pacific Cafe accepts Apple Pay, Google Pay, and credit cards.
is Pacific Cafe good for kids?
No.  Pacific Cafe is not good for kids.
Are dogs allowed at Pakwan Restaurant?
No dogs allowed at Pakwan Restaurant.
Can you tell me if Pakwan Restaurant is wheelchair accessible?
Pakwan Restaurant is wheelchair accessible.
Do you accept Apple Pay?
Pakwan Restaurant accepts both credit card and Apple Pay.
Do you have any TVs in your dining area?
Pakwan Restaurant does not have TV.
Do you offer options for vegans?
Vegan friendly options are available at Pakwan Restaurant.
Does Pakwan Restaurant accept Google Pay for payments?
It does not accept Google Pay.
Does Pakwan Restaurant accept the payment with Apple Pay?
Apple Pay is accepted as a payment option at Pakwan Restaurant.
Does Pakwan Restaurant have high chairs available for babies?
Pakwan Restaurant does not have high chairs available for babies.
Does Pakwan Restaurant offer outdoor seating?
Pakwan Restaurant offer outdoor seating availability.
Does Pakwan Restaurant offer take-out?
Yes, Pakwan offers take-out.
Does Pakwan Restaurant serve alcohol?
Pakwan Restaurant does not serve alcohol.
Does Pakwan Restaurant take reservations?
Pakwan Restaurant doesn't offer reservation service for its customers.
Does the Pakwan Restaurant have Delivery options?
Yes, Pakwan Restaurant offers delivery service.
Does the Pakwan Restaurant offer free WiFi?
Pakwan Restaurant does not have WiFi.
How loud does it get at Pakwan Restaurant?
At Pakwan Restaurant, the noise level is average.
Is parking available at the Pakwan Resturant?
Pakwan Restaurant has street parking.
Is the restaurant family-friendly?
Pakwan Restaurant is perfect for kids.
Is the restaurant vegetarian friendly?
Vegetarian friendly options are available at Pakwan Restaurant.
Is there a happy hour at Pakwan Restaurant?
Happy hour is not offered at Pakwan Restaurant.
Is there bike parking allowed there?
Yes. You can park  bike at Pakwan Restaurant.
Is your restaurant good for groups?
Pakwan Restaurant is good for groups.
What is your ambience like?
Pakwan Restaurant has casual ambience.
is cryptocurrency accepted?
Pakwan Restaurant does not accept Cryptocurrency.
Are kids good at Pampanguena Cuisine?
Pampanguena Cuisine is good for kids.
Can I park my bike at Pampanguena Cuisine?
Pampanguena Cuisine has bike parking.
Can I pay with Apple pay at Pampanguena Cuisine?
No, Apple Pay is not accepted here.
Do you guys offer free WiFi?
No, Pampanguena Cuisine does not offer free WiFi.
Do you have a liquor license
Pampanguena Cuisine does not serve alcohol.
Do you have any TVs I can watch the game on while I eat?
Yes. Pampanguena Cuisine have TV.
Does Pampanguena Cuisine have outdoor seating?
The Pampanguena Cuisine does not have outdoor seating.
Does Pampanguena Cuisine offer take-out ordering?
Pampanguena Cuisine offers take-out ordering.
Does Pampanguena Cuisine take reservations?
Yes, Pampanguena Cuisine takes reservations.
Is Google Pay okay?
Pampanguena Cuisine does not accept Google Pay
Is Pampanguena Cuisine a good spot for happy hour?
Pampanguena Cuisine does not offer happy hour.
What are the payment options at Pampanguena Cuisine?
Pampanguena Cuisine accepts cash only. Credit cards, Apple Pay, and Google Pay are not accepted.
What is the ambient environment like at your restaurant?
The ambience at Pampangueana Cuisine is casual and classy.
What is the noise level like here?
The noise level at Pampanguena Cuisine is average.
do you have a space for groups
Yes, this establishment is suitable for groups.
do you have parking
Parking is on the street at Pampanguena Cuisine.
Are dogs allowed at Papito Hayes?
Dogs are not allowed.
Are there vegetarian options available?
Papito Hayes has vegeterian friendly options.
Can I get a high chair there?
Yes. Papito Hayes offers high chairs available for babies.
Can i reserve a table?
No, it does not take reservations.
Can you tell me if Papito Hayes is good for a large group?
Papito Hayes is good for groups.
Can you tell me what the ambience is like at Papito Hayes?
The ambience is casual, classy.
Do you guys accept Apple Pay?
Papito Hayes does accept Apple Pay.
Do you have a drive thru?
Papito Hayes does not offer drive thru
Do you have a happy hour?
No, Papito Hayes doesn't offer happy hour.
Do you have tv?
Papito Hayes does not have TV.
Do you have vegan options?
Papito Hayes has vegan options available.
Do you offer eat in only?
Papito Hayes offers take-out orders.
Do you offer seating outside?
Yes, outdoor seating is available at Papito Hayes.
Does Papito Hayes deliver?
Papito Hayes not offering delivery service.
Does Papito Hayes have gluten free options?
Papito Hayes does not have gluten free options.
Does Papito Hayes provide WiFi?
No.  Wifi is not offered at Papito Hayes.
How loud is the environment at Papito Hayes?
The noise level is average.
Is Papito Hayes a good place to bring children?
Yes. Papito Hayes is good for kids
Is it possible to park my bike at Papito Hayes?
No, Papito Hayes doesn't offer bike parking.
Is there street parking available?
There is street parking at Papito Hayes.
Is there wheelchair accessibility at Papito Hayes?
Yes the Restaurant is Wheelchair Accessible
What payment options are available?
Papito Hayes accepts both credit card and Apple pay.
does Papito Hayes serve alcohol?
They do serve alcohol.
Are credit cards accepted at Papito Potrero Hill?
Credit cards are accepted at Papito Potrero Hill.
Are groups good there?
Yes, Papito Potrero Hill is a good restaurant for groups.
Are reservations able to be made?
Papito Potrero Hill doesn't offer reservation service to its customers.
Can I come in my wheelchair?
Papito Potrero Hill is wheelchair accessible.
Do they have televisions there
No, Papito Potrero Hill doesn't have a TV.
Do you accept Apple Pay?
No. Papito Potrero Hill does not accept Apple Pay.
Do you have parking there?
Street parking is available for cars at Papito Portrero Hill.
Do you have vegan items on the menu?
Yes, vegan menu options are available here.
Do you offer any free wi-fi?
Papito Potrero Hill does not offer WiFi.
Does Papito Potrero Hill accept cryptocurrency?
No, cryptocurrency is not accepted at this establishment.
Does Papito Potrero Hill allow dogs?
Papito Potrero Hill allows to bring dogs.
Does Papito Potrero Hill have a drive-thru?
Papito Potrero Hill does not have a drive-thru.
Does Papito Potrero Hill have options for vegetarians?
Yes, Papito Potrero Hill has vegetarian options.
Does Papito Potrero Hill serve any alcohol?
Yes, beer and wine only.
Is Google Pay accepted at Papito Potrero Hill?
No, Google Pay is not accepted at this establishment.
Is Papito Potrero Hill kids friendly?
Papito Potrero Hill is good for kids.
Is bike parking allowed at Papito Potrero Hill?
Yes, bike parking is allowed.
Is it possible to order delivery?
Papito Potrero Hill doesn't offer delivery service to customers.
Is there a happy hour at Papito Potrero Hill?
Papito Potrero Hill does not offer a happy hour
Is there outdoor seating available?
Yes, it offers outdoor seating.
Is there take out offered?
Papito Potrero Hill does not offer take-out ordering.
What is the mood like at Papito Potrero Hill?
The ambience is casual, classy.
What is the noise level at Papito Potrero Hill?
The noise level is typically average at Papito Potrero Hill.
Are credit cards accepted?
Park Tavern accepts credit cards.
Are dogs allowed at Park Tavern?
Dogs are not allowed at the Park Tavern.
Do you accept Google Pay?
Park Tavern does not accept Google Pay.
Do you guys take reservations?
Park Tavern offers reservation service for its customer.
Do you have a TV there?
No. Park Tavern does not have a TV.
Do you have free wi-fi?
It does not have WiFi.
Do you offer delivery?
Unfortunately, this restaurant does not provide delivery service.
Does Park Tavern accept Apple Pay?
Park Tavern does not accept Apple Pay.
Does Park Tavern accept Cryptocurrency?
They do not accept Cryptocurrency at Park Tavern.
Does Park Tavern have a full bar with a happy hour?
Park Tavern does offer full bar alcohol along with happy hour.
Does Park Tavern offer take-out?
Take out ordering is offered by Park Tavern.
Does Park Tavern provide bike parking?
Yes, it provides bike parking.
Good day, do you guys have any happy hour specials?
Park Tavern does offer happy hour specials.
Is Park Tavern kid-friendly?
Yes, Park Tavern is kid-friendly.
Is outdoor seating at Park Tavern?
Outdoor seating is available at Park Tavern.
Is smoking allowed at Park Tavern?
No, smoking is not allowed at Park Tavern.
Is there a park at Park Tavern?
There is valet and street parking at Park Tavern.
Is there any parking at Park Tavern?
Yes.Park Tavern have vegan friendly options.
Is this a good place for groups?
Park Tavern is good for groups.
Is your location wheelchair accessible?
It is wheelchair accessible.
What is the ambiance at Park Tavern?
The ambience of Park Tavern is trendy and classy.
What is the typical noise level there?
The noise level is typically average at Park Tavern.
Are there vegan options available?
Perilla has vegan options available.
Can I take my dog to Perilla?
Dogs are not allowed at Perilla.
Do I need to make a reservation to come to Perilla?
Perilla does not take reservations.
Do you accept Apple Pay?
Apple Pay is not accepted for payment at Perilla.
Do you accept Google Pay?
No, Perilla does not accept Google Pay.
Do you have outdoor seating at Perilla?
Outdoor seating is not available at Perilla.
Does Perilla do take-out?
Take-out ordering is offered.
Does Perilla have a happy hour?
Perilla does not offer happy hour.
Does Perilla offer free WiFi?
Perilla does not offer free WiFi.
Does Perilla serve alcohol?
Perilla serves beer and wine only.
Hey, does Perilla have bike parking available?
Bike parking is availabe at Perilla.
Is Google Pay accepted there?
Perilla accepts credit cards, but does accept Apple or Google pay.
Is Perilla wheelchair accessible?
Yes, Perilla is wheelchair accessible.
Is there a TV there?
Yes, Perilla does have TV.
Is there delivery service offered?
Yes, Perilla offers delivery service.
Is your place good for groups?
Perilla is perfect for group like customers.
What is the ambiance like?
The ambiance of Perilla is casual and classy.
What is the noise level at Perilla?
Perilla has an average noise level.
do you have parking
Street parking is available for cars at Perilla.
is this place kid friendly?
Perilla is kid friendly.
Are groups able to be served?
Perilla is good for groups.
Can I bring my dog to Perilla?
No dogs allowed at Perilla.
Can I park bike at Perilla?
Yes. You can park  bike at Perilla.
Can I place an order for delivery?
Perilla offers delivery service.
Do I need a reservation at Perilla?
Perilla does not accept reservations.
Do you accept Apple Pay?
Perilla does not accept Apple Pay.
Do you accept credit cards?
Perilla accepts credit cards.
Do you take cryptocurrency?
Unfortunately, no, Perilla does not accept cryptocurrency.
Does Perilla offer free WiFi?
Perilla does offer free WiFi.
Does Perilla offer outdoor seating?
no there is no outdoor seating
Does the Perilla have TV?
Perilla does not have TV.
Hey do you guys serve alcohol?
Yes, Perilla serves beer and wine.
Is Perilla good for children?
Perilla is good for kids.
Is Perilla wheelchair accessible?
Perilla is available for wheelchair access.
Is takeout available at Perilla for no charge?
Yes. There are no fees and pick up is in 10-20 minutes.
Is there any parking at Perilla?
Perilla has street parking.
What is the noise level at Perilla?
Noise level is average at Perilla.
What is your ambience like?
The ambience at Perilla is casual.
Are reservations accepted there?
No, Pharaohs Mediterranean Sandwiches doesn't accept reservations.
Can I bring my dog to Pharaohs?
Pharaohs Mediterranean Sandwiches isn't a dog friendly zone.
Can I get a vegan meal at your restaurant?
Vegan friendly options are available at Pharaohs Mediterranean Sandwiches.
Can I pick up my order from Pharaohs Mediterranean Sandwiches through the drive thru?
They do not have a drive thru.
Do you guys have outdoor seating?
Pharaohs Mediterranean Sandwiches does not have outdoor seats.
Do you guys offer happy hour there?
They do not serve alcohol and offer no Happy Hour.
Do you guys take any forms of crypto?
Pharaohs Mediterranean Sandwiches accepts credit cards, but not crypto-currency or Apple Pay.
Do you offer kids meals?
Yes, it is good for kids.
Do you offer take out?
Take-out ordering is available at Pharaohs Mediterranean Sandwiches.
Does Pharaohs Mediterranean Sandwiches have high chairs available for babies?
Pharaohs Mediterranean Sandwiches doesn't have high chairs available for babies.
Does Pharaohs Mediterranean Sandwiches offer delivery services?
It has a delivery service.
Does Pharaohs Mediterranean Sandwiches serve alcohol?
No alcohol is served at Pharaohs Mediterranean Sandwiches.
Does the Pharaohs Mediterranean Sandwiches have TV?
TV is offered at Pharaohs Mediterranean Sandwiches.
Does the restaurant accept Apple pay?
Pharaohs Mediterranean Sandwiches does not accept Apple Pay.
Is Pharaohs Mediterranean Sandwiches good for groups?
Pharaohs Mediterranean Sandwiches is good for groups.
Is Pharaohs Mediterranean Sandwiches wheelchair accessible?
Pharaohs Mediterranean Sandwiches is wheelchair accessible.
Is cryptocurrency accepted?
Pharaohs Mediterranean Sandwiches does not accept cryptocurrency.
Is there a dress code at Pharaohs Mediterranean Sandwiches?
The dress code is casual for Pharaohs Mediterranean Sandwiches.
Is there any bike parking at Pharaohs Mediterranean Sandwiches?
Pharaohs Mediterranean Sandwiches does not have bike parking.
Is there wifi at your restaurant?
It provides free WiFi.
What is Pharaohs Mediterranean Sandwiches' ambience?
The ambience is casual at Pharaohs Mediterranean Sandwiches.
What is the noise level at Pharaohs Mediterranean Sandwiches?
The noise level at Pharaohs Mediterranean Sandwiches is average.
What kind of parking is available?
Street parking is available at Pharaohs Mediterranean Sandwiches.
Are dogs allowed inside your establishment?
Dogs are not allowed at Pho 2000.
Are there vegan friendly options available at Pho 2000?
Pho 2000 offers vegan friendly options.
Can I get delivery service at Pho 2000?
Pho 2000 does not offer delivery service.
Do you accept Apple Pay?
No, Pho 2000 does not accept Apple Pay.
Do you take reservations?
Yes, Pho 2000 takes reservations.
Does Pho 2000 accept Google Pay?
No. Pho 2000  is not accepting Google Pay.
Does Pho 2000 accept credit cards?
Pho 2000 does not accept credit cards.
Does Pho 2000 have vegeterian friendly options?
Pho 2000 has no vegetarian friendly options I'm afraid.
Does Pho 2000 offer free WiFi?
No. Pho 2000  is not offering free WiFi.
Does Pho 2000 offer outdoor seating?
It does not offer outdoor seating.
Does Pho 2000 offer takeout?
Yes, Pho 2000 offers takeout.
Hello, do you have a happy hour?
No, Pho 2000 does not have happy hour.
Hi, do you serve alcohol there?
No, Pho 2000 does not serve alcohol.
Hi, what's the noise level usually like there?
The noise level at Pho 2000 is average.
Is Pho 2000 a good place for kids?
Pho 2000 is a good place for kids.
Is Pho 2000 good for groups?
No Pho 2000 is not good for groups.
Is there TV available at Pho 2000?
Pho 2000 has TV.
What is the ambience of Pho 2000?
Casual & Classy is the ambience at Pho 2000.
Where can I park when i come in?
Parking is only available at Street for Pho 2000's customers.
Would I be able to park my bike there?
Yes, bike parking is allowed.
Are groups good there?
Pho Huynh Hiep 2- Kevin's Noodle House is good for groups.
Can I make a reservation?
Pho Huynh Hiep 2 - Kevin's Noodle House does not take reservations.
Can I park my bicycle at Pho Huynh Hiep 2 - Kevin's Noodle House?
Yes bike can be parked.
Do you have high chairs?
Pho Huynh Hiep 2 - Kevin's Noodle House has high chairs available for babies.
Does Pho Huynh Hiep 2 - Kevin's Noodle House accept Google Pay?
No This location does not accept Google Pay.
Does Pho Huynh Hiep 2 - Kevin's Noodle House allow dogs?
Dogs are not allowed at Pho Huynh Hiep 2 - Kevin's Noodle House.
Does Pho Huynh Hiep 2 - Kevin's Noodle House offer free WiFi?
Pho Huynh Hiep 2 - Kevin's Noodle House does not offer fee WiFi.
Does Pho Huynh Hiep 2 - Kevin's Noodle House offer vegetarian friendly options?
This location offers vegetarian friendly options.
Does Pho Huynh Hiep 2 - Kevin's Noodle House serve alcohol?
Pho Huynh Hiep 2 - Kevin's Noodle House does not serve any alcohol.
Does the Pho Huynh Hiep 2 - Kevin's Noodle House offer take-out ordering?
Pho Huynh Hiep 2 - Kevin's Noodle House offers take-out ordering
Hello, what time is happy hour?
Pho Huynh Hiep 2 - Kevin's Noodle House does not offer happy hour.
I was wondering, do you have outside seating available?
Pho Huynh Hiep 2 - Kevin's Noodle House does not have outdoor seating.
Is Apple Pay accepted at Pho Huynh Hiep 2 - Kevin's Noodle House?
Apple Pay is not accepted at Pho Huynh Hiep 2 - Kevin's Noodle House.
Is Pho Huynh Hiep 2 - Kevin's Noodle House good for children?
Yes. Pho Huynh Hiep 2 - Kevin's Noodle House is good for kids.
Is delivery available?
Delivery is not available at Pho Huynh Hiep 2 - Kevin's Noodle House.
Is there a TV at Pho Huynh Hiep 2 - Kevin's Noodle House?
Pho Huynh Hiep 2 - Kevin's Noodle House does not have TV.
Is there parking at Pho Huynh Hiep 2 - Kevin's Noodle House?
Parking is available at Street and Parking Lot for Pho Huynh Hiep 2 - Kevin's Noodle House's customers.
What is the ambience like there?
The ambience of Pho Huynh Hiep 2 - Kevin's Noodle House is casual.
What is the noise level at Pho Huynh Hiep 2 - Kevin's Noodle House?
The noise level at Pho Huynh Hiep 2 - Kevin's Noodle House is average.
What payment options are at Pho Huynh Hiep 2 - Kevin's Noodle House?
Cash and credit cards are accepted as options for payment.
Are dogs allowed at Pica Pica Arepa Kitchen?
Dogs are not allowed at Pica Pica Arepa Kitchen.
Are reservations offered there?
Pica Pica Arepa Kitchen does not take reservations.
Can I get vegan food there?
Yes, vegan and vegetarian options are available
Can you please tell me the ambiance there?
Casual and Classy is the ambience of Pica Pica Arepa Kitchen.
Do you guys have outdoor seating?
Pica Pica Arepa Kitchen has no outdoor seating.
Do you have a television?
There is no television at Pica Pica Arepa Kitchen.
Do you have any parking by the restaurant?
Street parking is available at Pica Pica Arepa Kitchen.
Do you have vegetarian options?
Pica Pica Arepa Kitchen has vegetarian options
Do you know if the hotel offers a happy hour?
No there is no information that they provide happy hour.
Does Pica Pica Arepa Kitchen accept Apple Pay?
It does not accept Apple Pay.
Does Pica Pica Arepa Kitchen accept Google Pay?
Pica Pica Arepa Kitchen does not accept Google Pay.
Does Pica Pica Arepa Kitchen deliver food?
Pica Pica Arepa Kitchen offers delivery service.
Does Pica Pica Arepa Kitchen serve alcohol?
Pica Pica Arepa Kitchen serves beer and wine only.
Hey, I wanted to find out if there's free WiFi there.
They offer free WiFi.
Is Pica Pica Arepa Kitchen good for groups?
No, it is not considered to be good for groups.
Is Take-out ordering offered at Pica Pica Arepa Kitchen?
Take-out ordering is offered at Pica Pica Arepa Kitchen.
Is bike parking available at Pica Pica Arepa Kitchen?
Yes you can park your bike at Pica Pica Arepa Kitchen.
Is your restaurant a good place to bring my children?
Yes Pica Pica Arepa Kitchen is good for kids.
What is the noise level like there?
Music has been loud at times, but has been turned down lately
What payment options are at Pica Pica Arepa Kitchen?
The Pica Pica Arepa Kitchen restaurant accepts payment of Credit Cards.
Can I bring my dog to Picaro?
Dogs are not allowed at Picaro.
Can I bring my kids?
Picaro is perfect place for kids.
Can I make reservations?
Picaro offers reservations service for its customers.
Can you let me know if Picaro has on street parking?
They offer street parking.
Do you have TVs there?
No, Picaro doesn't have TV.
Do you have any seating outside?
Picaro does have outdoor seating.
Do you offer any vegan friendly menu options?
Picaro offers vegan friendly menu options.
Do you offer delivery services?
Picaro does not offer delivery service.
Does Picaro accept Apple Pay?
Picaro does not accept Apple Pay.
Does Picaro accept Google Pay?
No, Picaro doesn't accept Google Pay.
Does Picaro have WiFi for customers?
Picaro does not have WiFi.
Does Picaro have any specials?
Picaro has happy hour specials.
Does Picaro offer Take out ordering?
Take out ordering is offered at Picaro.
Does Picaro offer vegetarian friendly meals?
Picaro offers vegetarian friendly options.
How noisy is it in your restaurant?
The noise level is Loud.
Is bike parking available if I wanted to dine at Picaro?
Picaro has bike parking.
Is this location large enough for groups?
Picaro is good for groups.
What are the payment methods available at Picaro?
Payment options are available at Picaro are Accepts all Credit Cards .
What kind of alcoholic beverages do you serve?
Picaro serves only beer and wine.
What kind of atmosphere does Picaro have?
Picaro has a casual and classy ambience.
Are groups accepted at your place?
Yes, according to the amount of seating and a few of the comments mentioning the menu being vast it is good for group visits.
Are highchairs available?
Piccino does have high chairs available for babies.
Are there vegan friendly options at Piccino?
Piccino does have vegan friendly options.
Can I get delivery service at Piccino?
Piccino does have delivery service
Can I pay with crypto there?
No, Piccino does not accept Cryptocurrency.
Can I use Apple Pay at Piccino?
No. Piccino does not accept Apple Pay.
Do they have happy hour?
Piccino does not offer happy hour.
Do you guys have bike parking available?
It provides bike parking.
Do you have television there?
Piccino does not have a TV.
Do you take Google Pay?
Piccino does not accept Google Pay.
Does Piccino accept reservations?
Reservations are accepted at Piccino.
Does Piccino offer outdoor seating?
Outdoor seating is available at Piccino.
Does Piccino offer take-out ordering service?
Piccino offers take-out ordering.
Hey, do you guys allow dogs on the premises there?
Piccino does not allow dogs.
Hey, good afternoon. I wanted to find out if you guys offer free WiFi.
No, free WiFi is unavailable.
Hi, is there street parking available there?
Yes, street parking is available here.
How's the noise at Piccino?
The noise level is average.
Is Piccino a good restaurant for kids?
Piccino is considered a good option for kids.
Is alcohol served at Piccino?
Piccino has a full bar.
What are the payment options?
The payment options at Piccino are cash or credit card.
What kind of atmosphere does Piccino have?
Piccino's ambience is casual and classy.
What sort of dress code does Piccino have?
Attire for Piccino is casual.
Are there any vegan options on your menu?
Vegan food is available at Piccolo Forno.
Can I bring my dog to Piccolo Forno?
Piccolo Forno does not allow customers to bring dogs.
Can I park my bike at Piccolo Forno?
It has bike parking.
Can I pick up my order from Piccolo Forno through the drive thru?
No, you cannot pick up your order from Piccolo Forno through the drive thru.
Do you accept Apple Pay?
No, Apple Pay is not accepted here.
Do you guys take reservations?
Piccolo Forno is not taking any reservations.
Do you have vegetarian dishes?
Yes they have vegetarian options for people.
Do you offer happy hour?
Piccolo Forno does not offer happy hour.
Do you serve alcohol?
Alcohol isn't served at Piccolo Forno.
Does Piccolo Forno have a t.v.?
Yes, Piccolo Forno has TV.
Does Piccolo Forno offer free WiFi?
Piccolo Forno offers free WiFi.
Hi, what exactly is the dress code there at Piccolo Forno?
Piccolo Forno has a casual dress code.
I was wondering if you do delivery?
Piccolo Forno does offer delivery.
Is Piccolo Forno good for kids?
Piccolo Forno is perfect for kids with numerous activities.
Is parking facility available at Piccolo Forno?
Street parking is available for cars at Piccolo Forno.
Is there outdoor seating?
It offers outdoor seating.
Is there take-out at Piccolo Forno?
Piccolo Forno does offer take-out ordering.
Is there wheel chair access here?
Piccolo Forno is wheelchair accessible.
Is your restaurant good for a corporate group outing?
It is good for groups.
What forms of payment do you accept?
Piccolo Forno accepts credit cards.
What is the ambience at Piccolo Forno?
Casual, classy ambience at Piccolo Forno.
What is the noise level at Piccolo Forno?
The noise level at Piccolo Forno is average.
Can I purchase wine there?
Yes Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar serves alcohol.
Can you let me know if Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant is wheelchair accessible?
Yes, this establishment is wheelchair accessible.
Do they have wifi available?
Pier 23 has free WiFi for it's patrons.
Do you accept Apple Pay as a payment option?
Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar doesn't accept Apple Pay.
Do you accept credit cards?
Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar accepts credit cards.
Do you guys have TV here?
Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar has TV.
Do you have any outdoor seating for dinner service?
Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar has outdoor seating available.
Do you offer any happy hour specials?
Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar offers happy hour special for its customers.
Do you offer live music at your location?
Yes.Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar offers live music.
Does Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar accept Google Pay?
Google Pay is not accepted at Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar.
Does Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar allow dogs?
Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar does not allow dogs.
Does Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar have take-out ordering?
Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar offers take-out ordering.
Does Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar offer delivery services?
Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar doesn't offer delivery services.
Does Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar take reservations?
Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar takes reservations.
How is the noise level at Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar?
Average noise level at Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar.
Is Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar kid friendly?
Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar is good for kids.
Is bicycle parking available at Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar?
Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar has bike parking available
Is smoking allowed at Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar?
Smoking is not allowed.
Is there a place to park at Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar?
Street parking is available at Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar.
What is the atmosphere like?
It has a classy and casual ambience with a great outdoor view of the water.
is it good for groups at Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar?
Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar is perfect for group-like customers.
Are reservations accepted at Pier Market Seafood Restaurant?
Yes, they take reservation.
Are you allowed to bring dogs at Pier Market Seafood Restaurant?
Pier Market Seafood Restaurant does not allow dogs.
Can I light up at Pier Market Seafood Restaurant?
Smoking is not allowed at Pier Market Seafood Restaurant.
Do they have tv's available?
TV is available for viewing at Pier Market Seafood Restaurant.
Do you accept gift cards?
Accepts Credit Cards, Google Pay  & Apple Pay at Pier Market Seafood Restaurant.
Do you do take-out?
Take-Out ordering is offered at Pier Market Seafood Restaurant.
Do you guys allow groups?
Pier Market Seafood Restaurant is perfect for group like customers.
Does Pier Market Seafood Restaurant accept Apple Pay?
It accepts Apple Pay.
Does Pier Market Seafood Restaurant offer free WiFi?
Yes, they offer free WiFi.
Does Pier Market Seafood Restaurant offer happy hour specials?
Happy Hour is available at Pier Market Seafood Restaurant.
Does Pier Market Seafood Restaurant offer vegan friendly options?
Vegan food is available at Pier Market Seafood Restaurant.
Does Pier Market Seafood Restaurant take Google Pay?
Pier Market Seafood Restaurant will take Google Pay.
Does the Pier Market Seafood Restaurant have delivery service?
It does not have a delivery service.
Does the Pier Market Seafood Restaurant have outdoor seating?.
Pier Market Seafood has outdoor seating available.
Is Pier Market Seafood Restaurant good for kids?
Pier Market Seafood Restaurant is good for kids.
Is bike parking available at Pier Market Seafood Restaurant?
Yes! Bike parking is available at Pier Market Seafood Restaurant.
Is there a full bar there?
Pier Market Seafood Restaurant serves a full bar.
What is the ambiance at Pier Market Seafood Restaurant?
The ambiance at Pier Market Seafood Restaurant is casual, touristy, and classy.
What type of parking does Pier Market Seafood Restaurant provide?
Pier Market Seafood Restaurant offers garage and validated parking.
What would you say the noise level is in the restaurant?
Average noise level at Pier Market Seafood Restaurant.
Are credit cards accepted?
Pizzeria Delfina accepts credit cards.
Are dogs allowed at Pizzeria Delfina - Pacific Heights?
Pizzeria Delfina does not allow dogs.
Are groups good at Pizzeria Delfina - Pacific Heights?
Pizzeria Delfina- Pacific Heights is good for groups.
Do you have any happy hour specials?
Pizzeria Delfina - Pacific Heights does not offer happy hour.
Do you have high chairs available?
High chairs are available at Pizzeria Delfina - Pacific Heights.
Do you have vegan options?
Pizzeria Delfina - Pacific Heights has vegan friendly options.
Do you offer Wifi?
Pizzeria Delfina - Pacific Heights does not have WiFi.
Do you offer outdoor seating?
Pizzeria Delfina - Pacific Heights does have outdoor seats.
Does Pizzeria Delfina - Pacific Heights accept reservations?
No, Pizzeria Delfina - Pacific Heights doesn't take reservations.
Does Pizzeria Delfina - Pacific Heights offer take out?
Pizzeria Delfina - Pacific Heights does offer take-out ordering.
Does Pizzeria Delfina - Pacific Heights serve alcohol?
In the way of alcoholic beverages, Pizzeria Delfina - Pacific Heights sells only wine and beer.
Does Pizzeria Delfina - Pacific Heights take Apple Pay?
Pizzeria Delfina - Pacific Heights does not accept Apple Pay.
Does the Pizzeria Delfina - Pacific Heights have Delivery options?
Pizzeria Delfina does have delivery.
Hey, is there a place I can park my bike there?
It offers bike parking.
Is Google Pay accepted there?
Google Pay is not accepted at Pizzeria Delfina- Pacific Heights.
Is there a television there?
No, there is no TV.
Is your place family-friendly?
Yes, Pizzeria Delfina - Pacific Heights is good for kids.
What is the dress code of Pizzeria Delfina - Pacific Heights?
Ambience of Pizzeria Delfina - Pacific Heights is casual, classy.
What is the dress code there?
The dress code at Pizzeria Delfina - Pacific Heights is casual.
What is the noise level at Pizzeria Delfina - Pacific Heights?
Pizzeria Delfina - Pacific Heights has an average noise level.
do you have parking
Pizzeria Delfina - Pacific Heights has street parking.
Are there vegan options at Pizzetta 211?
Pizzetta 211 does have vegan friendly options.
Can I watch the game on TV?
No they do not offer TV.
Do you offer delivery?
Delivery service is not available at Pizzetta 211.
Do you offer take out ordering at your location?
Take out ordering is available at Pizzetta 211.
Do you take credit cards?
Pizzetta 211 accepts credit cards.
Do you take reservations?
Pizzetta 211 does not accept reservations.
Does Pizzetta 211 have vegeterian friendly options?
Pizzetta 211 does not have vegetarian options at this time.
Does Pizzetta 211 offer happy hour?
The Pizzetta 211 restaurant does not offer happy hours.
Does Pizzetta 211 offer outdoor seating?
It offers outdoor seating.
Does Pizzetta 211serve alcohol?
Pizzetta 211 offers beer and wine.
Hey, is there a place for me to park my bike there at Pizzetta 211?
Bike parking is available at Pizzetta 211.
How dressy is your dress code?
Ambience of Pizzetta 211 is  Casual, Classy.
How is the noise level at Pizzetta 211?
The noise level at Pizzetta 211 is average.
Is Google Pay accepted at Pizzetta 211?
Google Pay is not accepted for payment at Pizzetta 211.
Is Pizzetta 211 good for a group?
Pizzetta 211 is not good for groups.
Is it good for kids at Pizzetta 211?
Pizzetta 211 is not good for kids.
Is parking available at Pizzetta 211?
Pizzetta 211 has street parking.
Is there WiFi at Pizzetta 211
WiFi is not available at Pizzetta 211.
What kind of pay is offered?
Pizzetta 211 does not accept Apple Pay.
Can I make reservations at Plain Jane?
Reservations are accepted at Plain Jane.
Can Plain Jane customers use Apple Pay to pay their bills?
Plain Jane does not accept Apple Pay.
Can you handle a large crowd?
Plane Jane is good for groups.
Do they offer delivery service?
Plain Jane does not offer delivery service.
Do you guys allow pets?
Plain Jane does not allow dogs.
Do you guys provide parking for bikes there?
Bike parking is available at Plain Jane.
Do you have high chairs for guests?
High Chairs are available for babies at Plain Jane.
Do you have take out?
Plain Jane offers take-out ordering.
Do you offer outdoor seating?
No, Plain Jane does not have outdoor seating.
Does Plain Jane have vegan friendly options?
There are no vegan friendly options at Plain Jane.
Does Plain Jane offer free WiFi service?
The Plain Jane does offer free WiFi.
Does Plain Jane offer happy hour specials?
Happy hour is not supported at Plain Jane.
Does Plain Jane serve beer and wine?
Plain Jane serves beer and wine.
Hi, how are you? Are you guys good for dining with kids?
Plain Jane is good for kids.
How is the noise level at Plain Jane?
The noise level is average.
Is there a TV?
Plain Jane has TV.
Is there a specific dress code at Plain Jane?
There is no specific dress code at Plain jane.
Is there room for a wheelchair?
Yes.Plain Jane wheelchair accessible.
What are the payment options at Plain Jane?
Plain Jane only offers credit card as its primary payment method.
What parking is offered?
The Plain Jane offers street parking.
What's the atmosphere like?
The ambience is classy.
Are vegan friendly options available at the Plaj Scandinavian Restaurant & Bar?
The Plaj Scandinavian Restaurant & Bar does offer vegan friendly options.
Do I need a reservation?
Plaj Scandinavian Restaurant & Bar takes reservations.
Do you take Google Pay?
It does not accept Google Pay.
Does  Plaj Scandinavian Restaurant & Bar accept Apple Pay?
No.Plaj Scandinavian Restaurant & Bar is not accepting Apple Pay.
Does Plaj Scandinavian Restaurant & Bar have TV?
Plaj Scandinavian Restaurant & Bar does not have TV.
Does Plaj Scandinavian Restaurant & Bar offer a full bar?
Plaj Scandinavian Restaurant & Bar offers a full bar.
Does Plaj Scandinavian Restaurant & Bar offer delivery?
There is no delivery service offered by Plaj Scandinavian Restaurant & Bar.
Does the Plaj Scandinavian Restaurant have take-out?
No. Plaj Scandinavian Restaurant & Bar  does not offer take-out ordering.
How is noise level at Plaj Scandinavian Restaurant & Bar?
Noise level is average at Plaj Scandinavian Restaurant & Bar.
How is the atmosphere there?
They offer a relaxing, dimly lit atmosphere but they do not offer free WiFi.
Is Plaj Scandinavian Restaurant & Bar good for groups?
Yes, it is good for groups.
Is Plaj Scandinavian Restaurant & Bar good for kids?
Plaj Scandinavian Restaurant & Bar isn't a kid friendly zone.
Is the restaurant dog friendly?
No dogs are allowed.
Is there any outdoor seating at your restaurant?
Plaj Scandinavian Restaurant & Bar does not offer outdoor seating.
Is there bike parking offerd?
Plaj Scandinavian Restaurant & Bar does not have bike parking.
Is there onsite parking?
Plaj Scandinavian Restaurant & Bar offers only at Valet & Street.
What is the ambience at Plaj Scandinavian Restaurant & Bar like?
Ambience of Plaj Scandinavian Restaurant & Bar is elegant.
What payment options are accepted at Plaj Scandinavian Restaurant & Bar?
The payment options available at the Plaj Scandinavian Restaurant & Bar include Credit Cards.
Are you dog friendly?
The Presidio Kebab does not allow dogs.
Can I order take-out from Presidio Kebab?
Yes, Presidio Kebab offers take-out ordering.
Can you tell me if Presidio Kebab offers high chairs for toddlers?
Presidio Kebab offers high chairs for its customers.
Do they serve alcohol?
Presidio Kebab serve beer & wine only.
Do you have a TV?
Presidio Kebab does not have TV.
Do you have vegetarian options?
Vegetarian foods is offered at Presidio Kebab.
Does Presidio Kebab accept credit cards?
Presidio Kebab accepts credit cards.
Does Presidio Kebab have outdoor seats?.
Presidio Kebab does not outdoor seats.
Does Presidio Kebab offer free WiFi?
Yes, this restaurant provides free WiFi to its patrons.
Does Presidio Kebab support Cryptocurrency?
Presidio Kebab doesn't support Cryptocurrency, but it accepts credit cards.
Is Presidio Kebab by appointment only?
No, Presidio Kebab isn't by appointment only.
Is this restaurant wheelchair accessible?
Presidio Kebab is wheelchair accessible
What is the ambiance of this place?
The ambiance of Presidio Kebab is classy.
What is the noise level at Presidio Kebab?
The noise level at Presidio Kebab is average.
What kind of parking options do you offer?
Street parking is available at Presidio Kebab
Are reservations necessary there?
This restaurant does not take reservations.
Can I park a bike?
Yes bike can be parked.
Can I park at Proposition Chicken?
Parking is only Streets only.
Can you bring groups?
Proposition Chicken isn't a group friendly site.
Do you offer take-out?
Proposition Chicken offers take-out dining.
Does Proposition Chicken accept Apple Pay?
Yes, Proposition Chicken accepts Apple Pay.
Does Proposition Chicken accept Google Pay?
It does not accept Google Pay.
Does Proposition Chicken have WiFi?
WiFi is not available at Proposition Chicken.
Does Proposition Chicken have any vegan meals on the menu?
Yes, Proposition Chicken offers vegan friendly options.
Does Proposition Chicken have outdoor seating?
Proposition Chicken does not have outdoor seating.
Does Proposition Chicken offer a happy hour?
They currently do not offer happy hour.
Does Proposition Chicken offer delivery?
Yes, Proposition Chicken offers delivery.
Does Proposition Chicken serve beer and wine?
Proposition Chicken does serve beer and wine.
Does the store have a handicap ramp?
Proposition Chicken is wheelchair accessible.
Hi, I just want to know if there's a TV there.
No. Proposition Chicken does not have a TV.
How noisy is it during peak hours?
The noise level at Proposition Chicken is average.
Is Apple Pay okay?
Proposition Chicken accepts credit cards and Apple Pay.
Is Proposition Chicken a good place to take my kids?
Yes, Proposition Chicken is kid-friendly.
Is this a dog friendly restaurant?
Proposition Chicken isn't a dog friendly zone.
What sort of atmosphere is at Proposition Chicken?
Casual ambience at Proposition Chicken.
Are kids welcomed at Pushkin?
Yes, Pushkin is good for kids.
Are vegan friendly dining options available at Pushkin?
Vegan friendly dining options are available at Pushkin.
Can I bring my dog to Pushkin?
No dogs allowed at Pushkin.
Can I order delivery from Pushkin?
The Pushkin restaurant does offer delivery services.
Do you have outdoor seating?
No, all  seating appears to be indoors.
Do you take Apple Pay?
It accepts Apple Pay.
Does Pushkin offer reservation service?
Pushkin doesn't offer reservation service for its customer.
Does Pushkin take Google Pay?
Pushkin accepts Google Pay.
Does the Pushkin offer Bike Parking?
It provides bike parking.
Is Pushkin good for groups?
Pushkin is good for groups.
Is Pushkin's wheelchair accessible?
Pushkin is not wheelchair accessible.
Is street parking available at Pushkin?
Street parking is available at Pushkin.
Is take out possible at Pushkin?
Pushkin does offer take-out ordering.
Is there a TV available?
TV is available for viewing at Pushkin.
Is there a happy hour?
Pushkin does not offer happy hour.
Is wifi available?
No, there is no WiFi.
What is the ambience at Puskhin?
The ambience is casual.
What is the noise level at Pushkin?
The noise level at Pushkin is loud.
What payment options does Pushkin accept?
Credit debit cash
Will there be alcohol available there?
No, Pushkin doesn't serve alcohol.
Are there any soy free options there?
Ramenwell offers soy free options.
Can I bring my dog with me to dinner tonight?
No, dogs aren't allowed at Ramenwell.
Can I pay with Apple Pay at Ramenwell?
Ramenwell does not accept Apple Pay.
Can groups come to Ramenwell?
Ramenwell is good for groups.
Do you guys do happy hour?
Happy Hour Specials are offered at Ramenwell.
Do you have any vegan menu options?
Ramenwell restaurant offers vegan friendly options.
Does Ramenwell accepts credit cards?
Ramenwell accepts credit cards.
Does Ramenwell have free WiFi?
Yes, Ramenwell has free WiFi.
Does Ramenwell have vegetarian options?
Yes, there are vegetarian options.
Does Ramenwell serve alcohol?
Ramenwell serves beer and wine.
Good day, can you tell me if you take reservations there?
Ramenwell does accept reservations.
Hey, do you guys have any outdoor seating?
Ramenwell has no outdoor seats.
How is the ambience at Ramenwell?
The ambience is hipster, casual, trendy, classy.
How is your guys noise?
The noise level at Ramenwell is average.
Is Ramenwell good for kids?
Ramenwell is good for kids.
Is parking available at Ramenwell?
There is street parking at Ramenwell.
Is parking available for bikes at Ramenwell?
Ramenwell does have bike parking.
Is take out ordering available at Ramenwell?
Take out ordering is available at Ramenwell
Is the restaurant wheelchair accessible?
It is wheelchair accessible.
Is there TV at Ramenwell?
Although there is at least one flat-screen mounted on a wall at Ramenwell, they do not offer television as part of their service.
Is there delivery service offered?
Ramenwell doesn't offer delivery service.
Are dogs allowed at Rintaro?
Dogs are not allowed at Rintaro.
Are there any TV's?
Rintaro does not have TVs.
Do you accept Apple Pay?
Rintaro does not accept Apple Pay.
Do you have Wifi?
It does not have WiFi.
Does Rintaro accept reservations?
Reservations are accepted at Rintaro.
Does Rintaro have any vegan options on the menu?
Vegan foods is offered at Rintaro.
Does Rintaro have bike parking?
Bike parking isn't available at Rintaro.
Does Rintaro serve alcohol?
Rintaro does serve alcohol, beer and wine only.
Does the Rintaro have Delivery options?
Rintaro does not offer delivery service.
How loud is your restaurant?
Rintaro has an average noise level.
Is Google Pay taken at Rintaro?
Rintaro does not accept Google Pay.
Is Rintaro a good place for kids?
Rintaro is good for kids.
Is Rintaro good for groups?
Rintaro is good for groups.
Is it possible to get to-go food at Rintaro?
Rintaro does not do take out orders.
Is parking available at Rintaro?
Street parking is available at Rintaro.
Is there outdoor seating available at Rintaro?
Yes outdoor seating is available.
Is there wheelchair access?
Yes, this restaurant is accessible for wheelchair individuals.
What are the payment options at Rintaro?
Rintaro accepts credit cards, does not accept Apple Pay or Google Pay
What is the ambience of Rintaro?
The ambience of Rintaro is classy.
Are there any vegan options on your menu?
Yes, of course, Rin's Thai Restaurant has vegan choices.
Are you good for groups?
Tables can be pushed together, but call first for a group of more than 8 or so
Can I get wifi there?
It has free WiFi.
Can I make a reservation there?
Rin's Thai Restaurant accepts reservations.
Do you accept Google Pay?
Rin's Thai Restaurant  is not accepting Google Pay.
Do you guys take crypto there for payment?
Rin's Thai Restaurant does not accept cryptocurrency.
Do you have TVs available to watch?
Rin's Thai Restaurant does not have TV.
Do you have a full bar there?
Alcohol is limited to beer and wine only at Rin's Thai Restaurant.
Do you offer outdoor seating?
Rin's Thai Restaurant does not have outdoor seating.
Do you take Apple Pay?
No, Rin's Thai Restaurant does not accept Apple Pay.
Does Rin's Thai Restaurant offer delivery?
Delivery service is offered at Rin's Thai Restaurant.
Howdy, what can you tell me about the ambience there?
The ambience is casual, classy.
Is there any more places I can park when I get there?
There is street parking.
Is there bike parking there?
Bike parking is available at Rin's Thai Restaurant.
Is there take out?
Take out option is available at this location.
What is the noise level at Rin's Thai Restaurant?
Noise level is quiet at Jin's Thai Restaurant.
What type of payment methods are accepted at Rin's Thai restaurant?
Rin's Thai Restaurant accepts credit cards
are you kid friendly
Rin's Thai Restaurant is good for kids.
Am I able to park my bike at Roam Artisan Burgers?
Yes. You can park your bike at Roam Artisan Burgers.
Can I make a reservation at Roam Artisan Burgers?
No, Roam Artisan Burgers does not take reservations.
Do you accept Apple pay?
No, they do not accept Apple Pay as an option.
Do you accept takeout orders?
Take-out orders are accepted at Roam Artisan Burgers.
Does Roam Artisan Burgers have a Drive Thru?
Drive thru service is not offered at Roam Artisan Burgers.
Does Roam Artisan Burgers have any vegan offerings?
Yes, there are vegan options.
Does Roam Artisan Burgers have happy hour?
Roam Artisan Burgers does not have happy hour.
Does Roam Artisan Burgers have vegetarian food?
Vegetarian foods is served at Roam Artisan Burgers.
Does Roam Artisan Burgers offer free WiFi?
Roam Artisan Burgers does not offer free WiFi.
Does the Roam Artisan Burgers serve Alcohol?
Roam Artisan Burgers offers beer and wine.
How much does Roam Artisan Burgers charge for delivery?
Roam Artisan Burgers offers delivery service.
I was wondering if I could bring my dog there.
Roam Artisan Burgers isn't a dog friendly zones.
Is Roam Artisan Burgers good for kids?
Roam Artisan Burgers is Kids-friendly and is good for kids.
Is it noisy there?
The noise level at Roam Artisan Burgers is average.
Is outdoor seating offered there?
Roam Artisan Burgers has outdoor seating.
Is there TV available at Roam Artisan Burgers?
Roam Artisan Burgers does have TV available.
Is this a good location for groups?
Roam Artisan Burgers is considered a good option for groups.
What form of payment is accepted?
Roam Artisan Burgers accepts credit cards.
What's the ambience there?
Roam Artisan Burgers ambience is casual and classy.
do you have parking
Roam Artisan Burgers offers Parking  on Street & Private Lot.
Can I pay using a credit card?
Roma Antica accepts credit cards.
Do I need to make a reservation to go to Roma Antica?
Appointments and Reservations are not accepted at Roma Antica.
Do you accept Cryptocurrency at your restaurant?
Cryptocurrency is not accepted at Roma Antica.
Do you guys allow pets?
Roma Antica allows dogs.
Do you guys offer bike parking?
Yes bike can be parked at Roma Antica.
Do you have free Wifi?
Roma Antica offers free WiFi.
Does Roma Antica accept Google Pay?
No, Roma Antica does not accept Google Pay.
Does Roma Antica allow smoking?
No smoking is allowed.
Does Roma Antica have TV?
No Roma Antica doesn't have TV.
Does Roma Antica have vegetarian food?
Roma Antica offers vegeterian friendly options.
Does Roma Antica offer a delivery service?
Roma Antica offers delivery service.
Does Roma Antica offer happy hour?
Roma Antica does not offer happy hour.
Does Roma Antica offer take-out ordering?
Yes, Roma Antica  offers take-out ordering.
Does Roma Antica serve alcohol?
Yes this company does
Does Roma Antica take reservations?
Roma Antica does not take reservations.
How noisy does it get there?
The typical noise level at Roma Antica is average.
Is Apple Pay taken at Roma Antica?
No, Roma Antica does not accept Apple Pay.
Is Roma Antica a good place for families?
Roma Antica is family-friendly
Is it ok to bring a group there?
Roma Antica is good for groups.
Is it okay if a member of our group is in a wheelchair?
Yes .Roma Antica wheelchair accessible.
Is outdoor seating available?
Outdoor seating is available at Roma Antica.
What is the ambience like there?
The ambience is casual, trendy, and classic.
What kind of alcohol is served here?
Roma Antica serves beer & wine only.
What kind of parking is there?
Garage and Street parking are available at Roma Antica.
What's your dress code please?
The dress code at Roma Antica is casual.
Are there dogs allowed at your location?
Rooster & Rice does not allow dogs.
Can I get take-out at the Rooster & Rice?
Take-out order is available at Rooster & Rice.
Can I make reservations at Rooster & Rice?
Rooster & Rice does not take reservations.
Can I park my bike at Rooster & Rice?
Bike parking is available at Rooster & Rice.
Can I pay with crytocurrency at Rooster & Rice?
Rooster & Rice does not accept Cryptocurrency.
Do you guys accept Google Pay?
QingShu doesn't support Google Pay as a payment option.
Do you have any high chairs there?
Yes, Rooster & Rice has high chairs.
Do you have happy hour there?
Rooster & Rice does not offer happy hour.
Does Rooster & Rice deliver?
Delivery service is offered at Rooster & Rice.
Does Rooster & Rice have TV?
Rooster & Rice does have TV.
Does Rooster & Rice serve alcohol?
Rooster & Rice does not serve alcohol.
Is Rooster & Rice good for groups?
Rooster & Rice is not good for groups.
Is Rooster & Rice wheelchair accessible?
Yes. Rooster & Rice wheelchair accessible.
Is apple pay accepted there?
Rooster & Rice does not accept Apple Pay.
Is outdoor seating offered at Rooster & Rice?
Rooster & Rice does offer outdoor seating.
Is parking available at Rooster & Rice?
There is street parking only at Rooster & Rice.
Is there WiFi at the Rooster and Rice?
Wifi isn't offered at Rooster & Rice.
Is this good for kids?
Rooster & Rice is good for kids.
What is the dress code policy?
The ambience of Rooster & Rice is fast casual.
What is the noise level like here?
Rooster & Rice has a moderate noise level inside their restaurant.
What payment options are at Rooster & Rice?
Rooster & Rice accepts credit cards.
Are dogs permitted at Rooster & Rice?
Dogs are not permitted at Rooster & Rice.
Can I get food delivered at Rooster & Rice?
Yes, they offer delivery service.
Can I make reservations at Rooster & Rice?
Rooster & Rice does not take reservations.
Do they offer wifi?
It does not have WiFi.
Do you accept credit cards?
Rooster & Rice accepts credit cards.
Does Rooster & Rice offer take-out as an option?
Yes, they offer take-out as an option.
Is Rooster & Rice wheelchair accessible?
Rooster & Rice is wheelchair accessible.
Is there parking at Rooster & Rice?
Rooster & Rice has street parking.
What's the mood at Rooster & Rice?
The ambience of Rooster & Rice is casual.
Can I bring my dog to Rooster & Rice?
Dogs are allowed at Rooster & Rice.
Can I place an order to go?
Take-out ordering is offered at Rooster & Rice.
Do they accept cryptocurrency?
Rooster & Rice does not accept Cryptocurrency.
Do you accept reservations?
Reservations are not accepted at Rooster & Rice.
Do you have have wheelchair access?
Rooster & Rice is wheelchair accessible.
Do you take Apple Pay?
Apple Pay is available at Rooster & Rice.
Does Rooster & Rice have a TV?
Rooster & Rice does not have TV
Does Rooster & Rice have happy hour?
Rooster & Rice does not offer happy hour.
Does Rooster & Rice have parking?
You can park your car on the street at Rooster & Rice.
How noisy is the restaurant?
At Rooster & Rice, noise level is average (don't worry, no roosters!).
Is there bike parking at Rooster & Rice?
You can park your bike at Rooster & Rice.
Is there outdoor seating available at Rooster & Rice?
Rooster & Rice does not have outdoor seating.
What forms of payments are acceptable at Rooster & Rice?
Rooster & Rice accepts Credit Cards and Apple Pay.
What kind of alcohol do you guys serve?
Rooster & Rice serves beer & wine only.
What's the mood like at Rooster & Rice?
Casual ambience at Rooster & Rice.
is delivery service available at Rooster & Rice?
Yes, Rooster & Rice offers delivery service.
Can I pay at cryptocurrency at Rooster & Rice?
Rooster & Rice does not accept Cryptocurrency.
Can I use Apple Pay as a method of payment?
Rooster & Rice accepts Apple Pay.
Do you offer any other services than dine in?
Rooster & Rice offers delivery.
Do you offer reservations?
Rooster & Rice does not take reservations.
Do you take Google Play?
Yes Rooster & rice accept Google Pay.
Does Rooster & Rice have vegan options?
Rooster & Rice has vegan friendly options.
Does Rooster & Rice offer WiFi?
WiFi is not available at Rooster & Rice.
Does Rooster & Rice offer take-out?
Rooster & Rice does offer take-out ordering.
Does Rooster & Rice serve alcohol?
No, Rooster & Rice does not serve alcohol
Hey, is Rooster & Rice good for group dining?
Rooster & Rice is not good for groups.
Hey, is there a place I can park my bike there?
Bike parking is not available at Rooster & Rice.
Hi, what form of payments do you accept?
Credit cards, Apple Pay, and Google Pay are accepted at Rooster & Rice.
How is the ambience of Rooster & Rice?
The ambience of Rooster & Rice is casual and trendy.
Is TV available at Rooster & Rice?
TV is not available at Rooster & Rice.
Is it possible to eat outside at Rooster & Rice?
Rooster & Rice have no outdoor seats.
Is there a happy hour at your location?
Rooster & Rice does not offer happy hour.
Is this a kid friendly place?
Yes, Rooster & Rice is good for kids.
What is noise level at  the Rooster & Rice?
Average noise level at Rooster & Rice.
What parking do you have there?
Parking is available at Street,Garage for its customers.
Will my poodle be welcomed at Rooster & Rice?
Rooster & Rice does not allow to bring dogs.
Are dogs permitted at Rooster & Rice?
Dogs will not be allowed at Rooster & Rice.
Are there vegeterian dishes?
yes they have vegeterian options on the menu
Can I pay with crypto?
No, Rooster & Rice does not accept cryptocurrency.
Do you accept Google Pay as a payment option?
Rooster & Rice does not accept Google Pay.
Do you deliver?
Rooster & Rice offers delivery service.
Do you take Apple Pay?
Rooster & Rice does accept Apple Pay.
Does Rooster & Rice have TV?
Rooster & Rice does not have TV.
Does Rooster & Rice have ambience?
Rooster & Rice has a casual ambience.
Does Rooster & Rice offer outdoor seating?
Rooster & Rice has plenty of outdoor seating. Experience eating outside where it's seventy degrees and sunny.
Does Rooster & Rice take reservations?
No, they do not take reservations.
Does the Rooster & Rice offer happy hour?
No, Rooster & Rice doesn't offer happy hour.
Hey, do you guys do any vegan dishes there?
Yes.Rooster & Rice have vegan friendly options.
Is Rooster & Rice good for kids?
Yes, Rooster & Rice is good for kids
Is WiFi available?
WiFi is not offered at Rooster & Rice.
Is alcohol served at your location?
Rooster & Rice does not serve alcohol
Is bike parking available at the Rooster & Rice?
There is bike parking available at the Rooster & Rice restaurant.
Is there parking at your location?
There is street parking only at Rooster & Rice.
Is your restaurant wheelchair accessible?
Yes.Rooster & Rice wheelchair accessible.
What kind of service is there?
Rooster & Rice does offer takeout.
Yes, Do you accept debit?
They accept credit cards and Apple Pay.
how would describe the noise level
Noise level is average at Rooster & Rice.
is Rooster & Rice good for groups?
Rooster & Rice is not good for groups.
Are highchairs available?
Rusty's Southern does have high chairs for babies. You have to special request them. I believe they are off to the side.
Are there vegetarian options at Rusty's Southern?
Vegetarian friendly options are available at  Rusty's Southern.
Are you kid friendly?
Rusty's Southern is kid friendly!
Can I order something to go?
Yes, they offer take-out ordering.
Can guests bring dogs at Rusty's Southern?
Dogs are not allowed at Rusty's Southern.
Do you accept Apple Pay at this location?
Rusty's Southern does not accept Apple Pay.
Do you guys offer beer or wine?
Rusty's Southern has beer and wine.
Do you offer Happy Hour?
Rusty's Southern offers happy hour.
Does Rusty's Southern accept Google Pay?
Google Pay is not available at Rusty's Southern.
Does Rusty's Southern have TV?
Rusty's Southern does not have TV.
Does Rusty's Southern have bike parking?
Rusty's Southern has bike parking.
Does Rusty's Southern have outdoor seating?
Outdoor seating is not offered at Rusty's Southern.
Does Rusty's Southern offer  Car Parking?.
The Rusty's Southern offers street parking next to the restaurant.
Does Rusty's Southern offer delivery service?
Delivery is available at Rusty's Southern.
Does Rusty's Southern take reservations?
Rusty's Southern does take reservations.
Does Rusty's offer free WiFi to it's customers?
Rusty's Southern does offer free WiFi.
How is the noise level at Rusty's Southern?
The noise level at Rusty's Southern is average.
Is there wheelchair accessibility there?
Rusty's Southern is wheelchair accessible.
Is this a good place for groups?
Rusty's Southern is good for groups.
What is the ambience at Rusty's Southern?
Ambience is casual at Rusty's Southern.
What types of payment do you take?
Rusty's Southern accepts credit cards.
Are dogs allowed?
No, dogs are not allowed.
Can I order carry out?
The SAJJ Mediterranean does offer take-out ordering.
Can I park my car there?
No Information about parking car at  SAJJ Mediterranean.
Do I have to make a reservation at SAJJ Mediterranean?
SAJJ Mediterranean does not take reservations.
Do they accept cryptocurrency at SAJJ Mediterranean?
No Cryptocurrency is not accepted in  SAJJ Mediterranean.
Do you guys take Apple Pay?
SAJJ Mediterranean does accept Apple Pay.
Do you offer any vegetarian food?
SAJJ Mediterranean has vegeterian options.
Does SAJJ Mediterranean have vegan choices?
Yes, they have vegan friendly options.
Does SAJJ Mediterranean offer delivery service?
Yes, they offer a delivery service.
Does SAJJ Mediterranean serve alcohol?
SAJJ Mediterranean does not serve alcohol.
Does the SAJJ Mediterranean offer Free Wifi?
SAJJ Mediterranean does not have WiFi.
Is SAJJ Mediterranean good for groups?
SAJJ Mediterranean is good for groups.
Is SAJJ Mediterranean kid friendly?
SAJJ Mediterranean is good for kids.
Is bike parking available?
Bike parking is not available at SAJJ Mediterranean.
Is outdoor seating available at SAJJ Mediterranean?
No they do not offer outdoor seating options.
Is the place wheelchair accessible?
SAJJ Mediterranean is wheelchair accessible.
What are the payment options at SAJJ Mediterranean?
The payment options SAJJ Mediterranean offers are cash, credit card, google pay, or apple pay.
What form of payment is accepted?
SAJJ Mediterranean does accept Google Pay.
What is the atmosphere there?
The ambience of SAJJ Mediterranean is casual and trendy.
What is the noise level at SAJJ Mediterranean?
The noise level at SAJJ Mediterranean is average.
are there tv's to watch?
SAJJ Mediterranean does have TV.
Are groups of people allowed there?
SF Honey Pig Korean BBQ is good for groups.
Do you accept Apple Pay?
SF Honey Pig Korean BBQ does accept Apple Pay.
Do you allow dogs inside your restaurant?
No, SF Honey Pig Korean BBQ does not allow dogs.
Do you offer take-out orders?
SF Honey Pig Korean BBQ offers take-out ordering.
Do you offer vegan and vegetarian options?
Yes, SF Honey Pig Korean BBQ has vegan and vegetarian options
Does SF Honey Pig Korean BBQ accept Google Pay?
Yes SF Honey Pig Korean BBQ accepts Google Pay.
Does SF Honey Pig Korean BBQ accept reservations?
Reservations are accepted at SF Honey Pig Korean BBQ.
Does SF Honey Pig Korean BBQ have a TV?
TV is available for viewing at SF Honey Pig Korean BBQ.
Does SF Honey Pig Korean BBQ have a happy hour?
SF Honey Pig Korean BBQ does offer happy hour.
Does SF Honey Pig Korean BBQ have a place outside that I can sit with my friends?
SF Honey Pig Korean BBQ does not have outdoor seats.
Does SF Honey Pig Korean BBQ have high chairs for babies?
Yes, SF Honey Pig Korean BBQ has high chairs for babies.
Does SF Honey Pig Korean BBQ have vegan options?
Yes, they offer vegan options according to the attribute information.
Hi, do you guys have wheelchair access there?
SF Honey Pig Korean BBQ is wheelchair accessible.
Is free WiFi available?
The SF Honey Pig Korean BBQ does offer free WiFi.
Is there any bike parking at SF Honey Pig Korean BBQ?
Bike parking is available for people.
What forms of payment do you guys take?
SF Honey Pig Korean BBQ accepts credit cards, Apple Pay, and Google Pay.
What kinds of alcohol do you serve?
SF Honey Pig Korean BBQ serves alcohol, but beer and wine only.
does SF Honey Pig Korean BBQ offer delivery?
The restaurant SF Honey Pig Korean BBQ does offer food delivery.
Are there TVs in the room?
Saffron 685 does not have TV.
Do you accept credit cards?
Saffron 685 accepts credit cards.
Do you currently have outdoor seating available?
Saffron 685 does not have outdoor seats.
Do you have vegan or vegetarian itms on the menu?
Yes, Saffron 685 has vegan friendly options.
Do you offer take out for customers?
The restaurant Saffron 685 does offer take-out meals.
Does Saffron 685 have gluten free options?
Saffron 685 does not offer gluten free options.
Does Saffron 685 have happy hour specials?
Saffron 685 offers happy hour.
Does Saffron 685 offer WiFi?
Saffron 685 does not offer Wifi.
Does Saffron 685 take reservations?
The restaurant Saffron 685 does take reservations.
Does your place have a full bar?
Saffron 685 offers beer & wine only.
Hi, do you guys do delivery orders?
Yes, Saffron 685 offers delivery service.
How would you say the noise level is?
Noise level is average at Saffron 685.
Howdy, can you let me know if you guys take Apple Pay?
Saffron 685 is not accepting Apple Pay.
Is there parking available for bikes at Saffron 685?
You can park your bike at Saffron 685.
Is this a place appropriate for groups?
Saffron 685 is good for groups.
What is the ambience like there?
The ambience of Saffron 685 is casual and classy.
What kind of parking is available?
Saffron 685 offers Garage and Street parking for customers.
are you kid friendly
Saffron 685 is kid friendly.
Are you kid friendly
Yes, Saigon Sandwich is good for kids.
Can I get alcohol at Saigon Sandwich?
Saigon Sandwich does not serve alcohol.
Can I park my bike there?
You can park your bike at Saigon Sandwich.
Can you tell me what type of ambience there is at Saigon Sandwich?
The Saigon Sandwich restaurant has an ambience that can be considered casual and classy.
Do I need a reservation?
The Saigon Sandwich restaurant does not take reservations.
Do you take Google Pay?
The Saigon Sandwich restaurant does not accept Google Pay.
Does Saigon Sandwich accept Apple Pay?
Saigon Sandwich  does not accept Apple Pay.
Does Saigon Sandwich have TVs at their establishment?
Saigon Sandwich has TV.
Does Saigon Sandwich have outdoor seating?
Saigon Sandwich does not have outdoor seating.
Does Saigon Sandwich offer Wifi?
Saigon Sandwich does not offer WiFi service.
Does Saigon Sandwich offer happy hour?
Saigon Sandwich not offers happy hour.
Does Saigon Sandwich offer take-out?
Saigon Sandwich does offer take-out ordering.
Is Saigon Sandwich a good place to have a meeting, or is it noisy?
the noise level is average
Is Saigon Sandwich considered to be group friendly?
Saigon Sandwich is not listed as group friendly.
Is there delivery available at the Saigon Sandwich?
Delivery service is not available at Saigon Sandwich.
Is there parking there?
Street parking and private lot are available for cars at Saigon Sandwich.
Is your establishment wheelchair accessible?
Saigon Sandwich is not wheelchair accessible.
What type of pay is accepted?
The Saigon Sandwich accepts credit cards as pay.
are dogs allowed at your establishment?
No, Saigon Sandwich does not allow dogs.
Can I bring my dog into Sam Wo Restaurant?
Sam Wo Restaurant does not allow dogs.
Can I order delivery at Sam Wo Restaurant?
Sam Wo Restaurant has delivery service available.
Can I order take out from Sam Wo Restaurant?
Take out ordering is offered at Sam Wo Restaurant.
Does Sam Wo Restaurant take reservations?
This spot will not accept reservations. Sorry.
Hi, is there any TV available at your restaurant?
Yes, Sam Wo Restaurant has a TV for viewing.
How is the ambience at Sam Wo Restaurant?
The ambiance at the Sam Wo Restaurant is casual, yet classy.
I'm wondering if I can bring kids to Sam Wo Restaurant?
Sam Wo Restaurant is good for kids.
Is Apple Pay accepted at Sam Wo Restaurant?
Sam Wo Restaurant doesn't support Apple Pay as payment.
Is Google Pay offered?
Sam Wo Restaurant does not accept Google Pay.
Is WiFi available at Sam Wo Restaurant?
WiFi isn't available at Sam Wo Restaurant.
Is bicycle parking available at Sam Wo Restaurant?
You can park your bike at Sam Wo Restaurant.
Is outdoor seating available?
Sam Wo Restaurant does not have outdoor seating available.
Is there a parking lot available?
Parking Garage, Street and Private Lot are all available for cars at Sam Wo Restaurant.
Is this place good for groups?
Yes, Sam Wo Restaurant is good for groups.
Is this restaurant easily wheelchair accessible?
At Sam Wo Restaurant you can use a wheelchair with ease.
What is the noise level at Sam Wo Restaurant?
Sam Wo Restaurant has average noise level.
What kind of alcohol is served?
Sam Wo serves beer & wine only.
What time is happy hour?
Sam Wo Restaurant does not offer happy hour.
What types of payments does Sam Wo Restaurant take?
Sam Wo Restaurant accepts only credit card for payment method.
Are credit cards accepted by you guys?
The payment options available at the Saru Sushi Bar include credit cards.
Are you a kid friendly place?
Saru Sushi Bar is not good for kids.
Can I bring a group?
Saru Sushi Bar is not good for groups.
Can I place an order for delivery?
No, Saru Sushi Bar does not offer delivery service.
Do u accept Google Pay
Saru Sushi Bar does not accept Google Pay.
Do you guys accept crpotocurrency here?
Saru Sushi Bar doesn't accept cryptocurrency for payment method.
Do you have happy hour and serve alcohol?
Saru Sushi Bar does not offer a happy hour, but they do serve beer and wine.
Do you offer bike parking?
Bike parking isn't available at Saru Sushi Bar.
Does Saru Sushi Bar accept Apple Pay?
Apple Pay is not accepted at Saru Sushi Bar.
Does Saru Sushi Bar have TV?
Saru Sushi Bar does not have TV.
Does Saru Sushi Bar have any parking available?
Saru Sushi Bar has street parking.
Does Saru Sushi Bar offer live music?
Saru Sushi Bar doesn't offer live music.
Does Saru Sushi Bar serves alcohol?
Yes, Saru Sushi Bar serves alcohol
Does Saru Sushi Bar take reservations?
No. Saru Sushi Bar does not take reservations.
How would you describe the atmosphere?
ambience of Saru Sushi Bar is Intimate.
Is Saru Sushi Bar wheelchair accessible?
Saru Sushi Bar is wheelchair accessible.
Is outdoor seating offered at Saru Sushi Bar?
Outdoor seating is available at Saru Sushi Bar.
Is take-out available at Saru Sushi Bar?
Saru Sushi Bar does not offer takeout.
Is there WiFi available at Saru Sushi Bar?
Saru Sushi Bar does not offer WiFi service.
Is your restaurant dog-friendly?
Dogs are not allowed at Saru Sushi Bar.
What is the dress code for your place?
The dress code at Saru Sushi Bar is casual.
What is the noise level at Saru Sushi Bar?
Noise level at Saru Sushi Bar is Average.
Are dogs allowed at Saucy Asian?
Dogs are allowed at Saucy Asian.
Are you guys good for groups?
Saucy Asian is good for groups.
Can you describe the ambience of your restaurant?
The ambience of Saucy Asian is casual and trendy.
Do you accept Apple Pay?
No.Saucy Asian is not accepting Apple Pay.
Do you guys take reservations?
Saucy Asian does not take reservations.
Do you have vegetarian options?
Vegetarian foods is offered at Saucy Asian.
Do you offer bike parking?
Bike parking is available at Saucy Asian.
Do you offer outdoor seating?
Saucy Asian has outdoor seats.
Do you take credit cards?
Saucy Asian accepts Credit Cards.
Do you take cryptocurrency?
Saucy Asian does not accept cryptocurrency.
Does Saucy Asian have TV?
Saucy Asian does have TV.
Does Saucy Asian offer WiFi?
Yes. Saucy Asian offers free WiFi.
Does Saucy Asian offer happy hour?
Saucy Asian does not offer happy hour specials.
Does Saucy Asian offer takeout?
Yes, Saucy Asian offers takeout.
Does Saucy Asian serve alcohol?
Saucy Asian does not serve alcohol, however, there is a sushi bar.
Does the Saucy Asian have Delivery options?
Yes, Saucy Asian offers delivery service.
Is Google Pay an acceptable form of payment at Saucy Asian?
Google Pay is not accepted at Saucy Asian.
Is Saucy Asian ok for kids?
Saucy Asian is a kid friendly establishment.
Is Saucy Asian wheelchair accessible?
Saucy Asian is wheelchair accessible.
Is there any parking available?
Saucy Asian has street parking.
Is there vegan food available here?
Vegan foods is offered at Saucy Asian.
What is the noise level at Saucy Asian?
The noise level at Saucy Asian is average.
Are credit cards accepted?
Sessions at the Presidio only accepts credit card for payment method.
At Sessions at the Presidio, are groups good?
Yes.Sessions at the Presidio is good for groups.
Can I order to-go?
Take out ordering is available at Sessions at the Presidio.
Can I park my bicycle at Sessions at the Presidio?
Bike parking is available at Sessions at the Presidio.
Can i make a reservation?
Reservations are accepted at Sessions at the Presidio.
Do you have high chairs?
Sessions at the Presidio has high chairs available for babies.
Do you offer free WiFi?
Yes, Sessions at the Presidio has free WiFi.
Does Sessions at the Presidio have TV?
Yes, Sessions at the Presidio has TV
Does Sessions at the Presidio have a designated smoke area?
Sessions at the Presidio is a smoke free restaurant.
Does your restaurant offer delivery?
Sessions at the Presidio does offer delivery.
Is Apple Pay taken at Sessions at the Presidio?
Sessions at the Presidio does not accept Apple Pay.
Is Sessions at the Presidio a kid-friendly establishment?
Sessions at the Presidio is good for kids.
Is outdoor seating available at Sessions at the Presidio?
Outdoor seating is available at Sessions at the Presidio.
Is there alcohol available?
Sessions at the Presidio serves alcohol from a full bar
Is there any parking by you?
Sessions at the Presidio has a garage and street parking.
Is this location wheelchair accessible?
Sessions at the Presidio is wheelchair accessible.
What is the ambiance of Sessions at the Presidio?
The ambiance of Sessions at the Presidio is casual and classy.
What is the noise level at Sessions at the Presidio?
The noise level at Sessions at the Presidio is average.
Would I be able to bring my dog there?
Yes, Sessions at the Presidio allows dogs.
Yes, do you have a happy hour?
Yes, the restaurant offers happy hour.
Can I make take out orders?
Yes you may make take out orders.
Can I order delivery?
Seven Hills does not offer delivery service.
Do you accept Google Pay?
Google Pay is not accepted at Seven Hills.
Do you guys have a happy hour?
Seven Hills does not offer happy hour.
Does Seven Hills accept Cryptocurrency?
Seven Hills doesn't support Cryptocurrency as payment.
Does Seven Hills have a t.v.?
Seven Hills doesn't have TV.
Does Seven Hills have outdoor seating?
No, Seven Hills does not have outdoor seating.
Does the Seven Hills offer Free Wifi?
There will not be any Wi-Fi connection at Seven Hills.
Does your place accept reservations?
Yes.Seven Hills take reservations.
Is Apply Pay accepted there?
no apple pay is not acccepted here
Is Seven Hills wheelchair accessible?
Yes. wheelchair accessible at Seven Hills.
Is there a smoking section there?
You cannot smoke at Seven Hills.
Is there bike parking?
No bike parking at Seven Hills.
Is there parking at Seven Hills?
Parking is limited near Seven Hills but available at the garage at 1959 Polk Street.
Is this a good place for groups?
Seven Hills is not good for groups.
What are the payment options at Seven Hills?
Payment option available at Seven Hills  is only Accepts Credit Cards.
What is the ambience of Seven Hills?
The ambience of Seven Hills is intimate and classy.
What is the noise level at Seven Hills?
The noise level at Seven Hills is average.
Would you suggest bringing kids?
Seven Hills is not good for kids.
do you serve alcohol
Seven Hills serves beer and wine only.
what is the dress code
No, casual attire is fine at Seven Hills.
Are reservations available?
Shalimar does not take reservations; it's first come, first served.
Are there any drink specials today?
No alcohol is served in Shalimar.
Can you bring dogs?
Shalimar isn't a dog friendly zone.
Do you accept Apple Pay?
Shalimar does not accept Apple Pay.
Do you guys have wifi for customers?
Shalimar does not have WiFi.
Do you have TV?
Yes. Shalimar have TV.
Does Shalimar accept Google Pay?
Google Pay is not allowed at Shalimar.
Does Shalimar have any vegan friendly options?
Shalimar offers vegan friendly options.
Does Shalimar offer delivery service?
Yes, they offer delivery service.
Does Shalimar offer outdoor seating?
Outdoor seating is available at Shalimar.
Is take-out ordering offered at Shalimar?
Shalimar offers take-out ordering.
Is the environment at Shalimar kid-friendly?
Shalimar is wonderful for kids.
Is there a place at Shalimar for me to park my bike?
Shalimar does have bike parking.
Is there any sort of happy hour here?
Shalimar does have Happy Hour!
Is there parking there?
At Shalimar you have several options for parking. You can find a spot on the street; you can seek shelter in a garage; or you may pay for a private lot.
Is this an ok place for a large group?
Shalimar is good for groups.
What is the ambience of Shalimar?
The ambience of Shalimar is casual, classy.
What is the noise level at Shallmar?
The noise level at Shalimar is average.
What payment methods are accepted?
Shalimar accepts credit cards, but does accept google or apple pay.
Are dogs allowed at Shish Ke Baba?
Dogs are not allowed at Shish Ke Baba.
Are high chairs available for use at Shish Ke Baba?
High chairs are available for babies at Shish Ke Baba.
Are there any TVs there?
TV isn't available at Shish Ke Baba.
Are there any vegan options on your menu?
Vegan meal options are available at Shish Ke Baba.
Can I come in a wheelchair?
Yes, Shish Ke Baba is wheelchair accessible.
Do they offer wifi there?
Shish Ke Baba does not offer free WiFi.
Do you accept google pay?
Shish Ke Baba accepts Apple Pay, Google Pay, and credit cards.
Do you offer takeout?
Shish Ke Baba does over takeout.
Does Shish Ke Baba accept Apple Pay?
It does accept apple pay.
Does Shish Ke Baba accept Apple Pay?
Shish Ke Baba accepts Apple Pay.
Does Shish Ke Baba have an happy hour?
Shish Ke Baba does not offer happy hour.
Does Shish Ke Baba have vegetarian friendly options?
Yes, Shish Ke Baba has vegetarian friendly options.
Does Shish Ke Baba offer delivery?
The Shish Ke Baba restaurant offers meal delivery service.
Does Shish Ke Baba take reservations?
Shish Ke Baba doesn't take reservation order for its customers.
Is there a bar at Shisk Ke Baba?
Shish Ke Baba does not serve alchohol.
Is there outdoor seating there?
No, there is no outdoor seating.
Is this place large enough for groups?
Shish Ke Baba is good for groups.
Is your hotel known for a lot of noise?
The noise level at Shish Ke Baba is average.
how would you describe your ambience
Shish Ke Baba has an ambience that is casual.
Are you a good place for groups?
Slice House Haight by Tony Gemignani is a good place for groups.
Do you accept Apple Pay as a payment option?
Slice House Haight by Tony Gemignani does not accept Apple Pay.
Do you accept Google Pay?
No, they do not accept Google Pay as payment method.
Do you guys allow dogs?
Slice House Haight by Tony Gemignani does not allow dogs.
Do you take bitcoin?
No, they don't accept Cryptocurrency as payment method.
Does Slice House Haight by Tony Gemignani have WiFi?
Nope, no WiFi whatsoever at this spot.
Does Slice House Haight by Tony Gemignani have outdoor seating?
There is no outdoor seating at Slice House Haight by Tony Gemignani.
Does Slice House Haight by Tony Gemignani take reservations?
No, unfortunately Slice House Haight by Tony Gemignani does not take reservations.
Does the Slice House Haight by Tony Gemignani have Car Parking?
The Slice House Haight by Tony Gemignani has street parking available.
I was wondering what the noise level is like there.
Noise level at Slice House Haight by Tony Gemignani is Average.
Is Slice House Haight by Tony Gemignani wheelchair accessible?
Yes, Slice House Haight by Tony Gemignani is wheelchair accessible.
Is alcohol served at the Slice House Haight by Tony Gemignani?
Slice House Haight by Tony Gemignani does not serve alcohol.
Is delivery available?
Delivery service is not offered at Slice House Haight by Tony Gemignani.
Is it a good idea to bring kids to your location?
Slice House Haight by Tony Gemignani is a good place for kids.
Is there a TV at Slice House Haight by Tony Gemignani?
no they do not have tv
Is there a happy hour offered?
yes they do have a happy hour
Is there bike parking at Slice House Haight by Tony Gemignani?
No bike parking at Slice House Haight by Tony Gemignani.
Is there takeout offered?
The Slice House Haight by Tony Gemignani does offer takeout ordering.
What kind of payment method is offered/
Slice House Haight by Tony Gemignani accepts only credit cards as its payment method.
What's the ambience at Slice House Haight by Tony Gemignani?
Ambience at Slice House Haight by Tony Gemignani is casual.
Do you accept Apple Pay as a payment option?
Smokin' Warehouse Barbecue - Sacramento Street does not accept Apple Pay.
Do you accept credit cards at this location?
Credit cards are accepted at Smokin' Warehouse Barbecue - Sacramento Street.
Do you have a tv?
There is no TV.
Do you offer delivery service?
no they do not offer delivery service
Does Smokin Warehouse take reservations?
No, they don't take reservation at the restaurant.
Does Smokin' Warehouse Barbecue - Sacramento Street offer parking?
Smokin' Warehouse Barbecue - Sacramento Street offers parking is only on Streets Only.
Does Smokin' Warehouse Barbecue - Sacramento Street serve alcohol?
Smokin' Warehouse Barbecue - Sacramento Street is a alcohol free establishment.
Does the restaurant offer parking for bicycles?
It does not have bike parking.
Is it loud there?
The Smokin' Warehouse Barbecue - Sacramento Street has a noise level that is quiet.
Is there a charge for WiFi at Smokin' Warehouse Barbecue - Sacramento Street?
No free wifi is offered at Smokin' Warehouse Barbecue.
Is there outdoor seating available?
The Smokin' Warehouse Barbecue - Sacramento Street does have outdoor seating available.
Is this a kid friendly restaurant?
Smokin' Warehouse Barbecue - Sacramento Street is good for kids.
Is your restaurant good for corporate group dining?
Smokin' Warehouse Barbecue - Sacramento Street is not good for groups.
What is the ambience at Smokin' Warehouse Barbecue - Sacramento Street?
Ambience is Casual
What kind of ordering is there?
The Smokin' Warehouse Barbecue - Sacramento Street offers take-out ordering.
What types of payments does Smokin' Warehouse Barbecue - Sacramento Street take?
No, you can only pay with a credit card here -- or cash.
At Sons & Daughters, are groups good?
Sons & Daughters is not good for groups.
Can I order delivery at Sons & Daughters?
There is no delivery.
Can I park my car at Sons & Daughters?
The Sons & Daughters only offer street parking nearby the restaurant.
Can you tell me about the noise level at this location?
The noise level at Sons & Daughters is average.
Can you tell me the ambience at Sons & Daughters?
The ambience is intimate and classy.
Do you allow pets like dogs?
The Sons & Daughters does not allow dogs.
Do you have patio seating?
Outdoor seating is not available at Sons & Daughters.
Do you offer take out?
Sons & Daughters does offer take-out ordering.
Do you offer wifi?
Sons & Daughters does not have free WiFi.
Does Sons & Daughters take reservations?
Sons & Daughters does take reservations.
Does The Sons & Daughters restaurant offer bike parking?
The Sons & Daughters restaurant does not offer bike parking.
Does this restaurant have tv?
No, they do not have TV in the restaurant.
Is this restaurant kid friendly?
The Sons & Daughters are not good for kids.
What alcohol is available at Sons & Daughters?
Sons & Daughters serves beer and wine only.
What kind of payment is offered?
Sons and Daughter's takes credit cards.
Are there vegan options available?
Souvla has vegan and vegetarian friendly options.
Can I bring my dog with me to Souvla?
No dogs allowed at Souvla.
Can I park my car at Souvla?
The Soulva restaurant offers street parking.
Can I use Google Pay at Souvla?
Yes, they accept Google Pay as payment method.
Do you guys have a television present?
The Souvla does not offer TV.
Do you guys offer bike parking?
The Souvla does allow parking for bikes.
Do you have any specific times you offer happy hour options?
Soul does not offer happy hour.
Do you have take-out?
Yes, they offer take-out ordering.
Do you take reservations?
The Souvla does not have reservations.
Does Souvia have outdoor seating?
Yes, they have outdoor seats.
Does Souvla accept Apple Pay?
Yes, they accept Apple Pay as payment method.
Does Souvla deliver?
The Souvla restaurant does not include delivery services.
Does Souvla offer any vegan options?
Yes, Souvia has vegan options.
Does the Souvla offer Free Wifi?.
Souvla does offer WiFi service free of charge.
Is Cryptocurrency accepted there?
No, Souvla does not accept Cryptocurrency.
Is Soulva good for kids?
Souvla is good for kids.
Is Souvia good for groups?
Souvla is good for groups.
Is Souvla a noisy place?
The noise level at Souvia is average.
Is Souvla wheelchair accessible?
Souvla is wheelchair accessible.
What forms of payment are accepted?
Credit cards, Apple Pay and Google Pay are acceptable forms of payment at Souvla.
What is the ambience at Souvla?
The Souvla has an ambience that is casual and trendy.
do you have a liquor license
The Souvla restaurant does serve beer & wine only.
Can I pay using Cryptocurrency at your location?
Souvla does not accept Cryptocurrency.
Can i bring my dog
No, dogs are not allowed at Souvla.
Do you offer free WiFi at this location?
Souvla offers free WiFi.
Do you take Apple Pay?
Apple Pay is accepted as a payment form at Souvla.
Does Soul take reservations?
Souvla does not take reservations.
Does Souvla accept Google Pay?
Souvla accepts Google Pay as a payment option.
Does Souvla have options for vegans?
The Souvla does have vegan friendly options.
Does Souvla have outdoor seats?
Souvla has outdoor seats.
Does Souvla offer delivery?
Delivery service is offered at Souvla.
Does Souvla offer happy hour?
Souvla does not offer happy hour.
Does Souvla offer take-out ordering?
Yes, the restaurant offers take-out ordering.
Does the Souvla have TV?
The Souvla does have TV.
Hi, are you guys a good option for kids?
Souvla is good for kids.
Is Souvla a good place for groups?
Souvla is good for groups.
Is Souvla wheelchair accessible?
Yes, Souvla is wheelchair accessible.
Is alcohol served at Souvla?
Souvla serve Beer & Wine Only.
Is bike parking available?
There is bike parking.
Is there street parking?
Street parking is available at Souvla.
What are the payment options at Souvia?
Payment options at Souvla are cash, credit card, apple pay, or google pay.
What is the average noise level at Souvla?
The noise level is average.
What sort of things does Souvla offer?
The ambiance of Souvla is hipster and casual.
Are there vegetarian options?
Yes, Souvla offers vegetarian options.
Can I park by bike at Souvla?
Bike parking is not listed as one of Souvla's amenities.
Can I pay with cryptocurrency at Souvla?
Souvla does not accept cryptocurrency.
Could I bring my dog there?
Souvla isn't a dog friendly zone.
Do you guys do delivery?
No information about delivery service at Souvla.
Do you have wifi there?
The Souvla restaurant does not offer WiFi.
Do you offer seating outside?
The Souvla has outdoor seating available.
Do you offer vegan options?
Souvla does not list vegan options as one of the amenities it offers.
Does Souvla accept Google Pay?
The Souvla does not accept Google Play.
Does Souvla have TV?
The Souvla has TV available.
Does Souvla have wheelchair accessibility?
Wheelchair accessibility is not listed among Souvla's amenities.
Does Souvla take reservations?
No, they do not take reservations.
Good morning, is Apple accepted for payment?
Apple pay is accepted.
I'm in a book club, is Souvla a good place for groups to meet?
The Souvla is considered good for groups.
Is Souvla by appointment only?
Souvia does not require an appointment.
Is there a happy hour at Souvla?
Souvla does not offer a happy hour.
Is there a specific dress code at Souvla?
Souvla does not enforce a dress code.
Is there any parking option available?
There is street parking at this location.
What alcohol is offered at Souvla?
Beer and wine are the only alcohol choices at Souvla.
What dining options are available?
Souvla offers take-out ordering.
What is the ambience at Souvia?
The ambience is casual, trendy.
What is the normal noise level?
No Information about Noise level at Souvla.
What payment options are available at Souvla?
Credit cards and apple pay are accepted.
are you kid friendly
The Souvla restaurant is not good for kids.
Are there highchairs available there?
Starbelly have high chairs for babies.
Are you appointment  only?
Starbelly is not appointment only.
Can I park my bike at Starbelly?
Starbelly will have parking spots for bikes.
Can I watch TV while there?
Starbelly will have television available.
Can you describe Starbelly's noise level?
The noise level is average at Starbelly.
Can you tell me if there is free WiFi at Starbelly?
Free WiFi is available at Starbelly.
Do they accept apple pay?
Starbelly accepts credit cards but they do not accept Apple Pay.
Do you guys take reservations?
Starbelly does take reservations.
Do you have a vegan menu?
Starbelly has vegan friendly options.
Do you have any happy hour specials?
Starbelly does offer happy hour specials.
Do you offer take-out?
Yes Starbelly has take-out ordering.
Does Starbelly have delivery service?
no they do not have delivery service
Does your restaurant offer seating outside?
The restaurant Starbelly has outdoor seating.
Hi, do you guys serve alcohol there at Starbelly?
yes alcohol is served here
Is Starbelly good for groups?
Starbelly is good for groups.
Is Starbelly good place for kids?
Starbelly is a kid friendly place with numerous activites.
Is my poodle allowed at Starbelly?
No, Starbelly doesn't allow dogs.
Is there any parking at Starbelly?
Street parking is available for cars at Starbelly.
What is the dress code at Starbelly?
Starbelly dress code is casual.
What kind of atmosphere does Starbelly have?
The ambience of Starbelly is trendy and classy.
What payment options does Starbelly offer?
Starbelly offers payment options as Credit Cards only.
Are there TV's offerd there?
State Bird Provisions does not have TV.
Are there vegan options available at State Bird Provisions?
yes there is vegan options available
Can I bring my dog?
Dogs are not allowed at State Bird Provision.
Do you have free WiFi?
WiFi isn't available at State Bird Provisions.
Do you have high chairs?
Yes, State Bird Provisions has high chairs available
Does State Bird Provision have bike parking?
Yes, State Bird Provisions has bike parking.
Does State Bird Provisions accept Apple Pay?
No. State Bird Provisions  is not accepting Apple Pay.
Does State Bird Provisions accept Google Pay?
State Bird Provisions does not accept Google Pay.
Does State Bird Provisions have any happy hour specials?
State Bird Provisions does not have any happy hour specials.
Does State Bird Provisions offer delivery service?
State Bird Provisions  is not offering delivery service.
Does the State Bird Provisions have outdoor seating?.
State Bird Provisions is not offering outdoor seats.
Does your restaurant offer credit card for payment?
State Bird Provisions restaurant accept payment options of credit cards.
Hey, do you guys offer any takeout options?
State Bird Provisions does not offer takeout.
Is State Bird Provisions good for groups?
State Bird Provisions is good for groups.
Is State Bird Provisions good for kids?
State Bird Provisions is not good for kids.
Is there a drive thru at State Bird Provisions?
State Bird Provisions does not have a  drive thru.
Is there convenient parking at State Bird Provisions?
State Bird Provisions has parking on the street.
What alcohol is served at State Bird Provisions?
Alcohol is limited to beer and wine for State Bird Provisions.
What is the noise level at State Bird Provisions?
The noise level is loud at State Bird Provisions.
What's the ambience like at State Bird Provisions?
Ambience is classy and trendy at State Bird Provisions.
Will I have to make a reservation at State Bird Provisions?
Yes, State Bird Provisions takes reservations.
Are there TVs?
The Stem Kitchen & Garden does have TV.
Can I bring my kids to Stem Kitchen & Garden?
Stem Kitchen & Garden is good for kids.
Can I have take-out there?
Yes, Stem Kitchen & Garden offers take-out ordering.
Can I purchase alcoholic drinks at Stem Kitchen & Garden?
Alcohol is served as full bar at Stem Kitchen & Garden.
Can you accommodate a wheelchair for my mother?
Yes, you can use wheelchairs at this restaurant.
Do you accept visa?
Stem Kitchen & Garden does accept credit cards as payment.
Do you have room for a group?
Stem Kitchen & Garden is good for groups.
Do you offer outdoor seating at your location?
Yes you can come and get outdoor seating for you meal.
Does Stem Kitchen & Garden allow dogs?
Stem Kitchen & Garden does not allow dogs.
Does Stem Kitchen & Garden allow smoking?
Stem Kitchen & Garden does not allow smoking.
Does Stem Kitchen & Garden offer vegetarian friendly options?
Vegetarian friendly options are available at Stem Kitchen & Garden.
Does The Stem Kitchen & Garden offer delivery service?
The Stem Kitchen & Garden does not offer delivery service.
Is Apple Pay okay?
Stem Kitchen & Garden does not accept Apple Pay.
Is happy hour available?
Yes, they have happy hour here with a full bar.
Is there free WiFi at Stem Kitchen & Garden?
Stem Kitchen & Garden does offer free WiFi.
What are the parking options at Stem Kitchen & Garden?
Stem Kitchen & Garden has a garage and street parking.
What is the ambience like there?
Stem Kitchen & Garden offers a Trendy and Classy ambience.
What is the noise level at Stem Kitchen & Garden?
Stem Kitchen & Garden has an average noise level.
do you have bike parking
Bike Parking is available at Stem Kitchen & Garden.
do you take reservations
The Stem Kitchen & Garden does not accept reservations.
Are dogs welcomed at Stix?
Dogs are not allowed at Stix.
Do you take Google Pay?
Stix accepts credit card, Google Pay, and Apple Pay for payment method.
Does Stix accept Cryptocurrency?
No, Stix does not accept cryptocurrency.
Does Stix accept Google Pay?
Yes, Stix accepts Google Pay.
Does Stix have a happy hour?
The restaurant Stix does not have a happy hour.
Does Stix have any television services?
Stix does not have TV.
Does Stix offer live music?
Stix does not have live music.
Does Stix offer outdoor seating?
Stix does not have outdoor seating.
Does Stix serve alcohol?
Stix serves alcohol.
Hey, do you guys take reservations there at Stix?
The Stix restaurant does not take reservations.
How much is an hour of wifi?
WiFi is available at Stix for free!
Is Apple Pay accepted?
Stix accepts Apple Pay.
Is Stix wheelchair accessible?
The Stix is wheelchair accessible.
Is take out available?
Take out ordering is offered at Stix.
Is there delivery at Stix?
Yes, they offer delivery service.
What are the parking options at Stix?
You can park at Stix but, as always, it's street parking.
What is the noise level at Stix?
The noise level at Stix is generally average.
What kind of parking is there?
yes there is bike parking
Are groups good at Subs?
No, Subs is not good for groups.
Can I get alcohol at Subs?
Subs does not serve alcohol.
Can I make reservations at Subs?
Subs does not take reservations.
Can I pay for my food with Apple Pay?
Apple Pay is not an accepted form of payment
Do you guys have TVs?
Subs does not have TV.
Does Subs have free WiFi?
No, they do not offer free WiFi.
Does Subs offer delivery service?
Subs does not offer delivery service.
Does Subs offer vegan options?
Vegan meals are available at Subs.
Hello, is there take-out at your place?
The Subs does offer take-out ordering.
Is Subs a good place to take my kids?
Yes, Subs is a good place to take kids.
Is there outdoor seating at Subs?
No, Subs does not have outdoor seats.
Is there somewhere for me to park my bike?
You can park your bike at Subs.
What can you tell me about the noise level there?
The Subs restaurant has a noise level that is Average.
What is the ambience like?
The Subs restaurant has a casual ambience.
What is the parking situation at Subs?
There is parking on the street.
What type of payments do Subs accept?
At Subs you can pay with a credit card or cash.
Can I get to-go at Sugarhill Kitchen?
Take out is offered.
Can I park my bike there?
Bike parking is available at Sugarhill Kitchen.
Do you accept Visa or Discover for payment?
Sugarhill Kitchen takes credit cards.
Do you have any outdoor seating?
The Sugarhill Kitchen does offer outdoor seats.
Do you serve alcohol there?
Sugarhill Kitchen does serve alcohol, but beer and wine only.
Does Sugarhill Kitchen accept reservations?
The Sugarhill Kitchen does take reservations.
Does Sugarhill Kitchen have TV for viewing?
Sugarhill Kitchen does have TV for viewing.
Does Sugarhill Kitchen have high chairs available for babies?
Sugarhill Kitchen does not have any high chairs for babies.
Does Sugarhill Kitchen offer delivery service?
Sugarhill Kitchen offers delivery service.
Is Sugarhill Kitchen good for groups?
Sugarhill Kitchen is good for groups.
Is Sugarhill Kitchen wheelchair accessible?
Sugarhill Kitchen is wheelchair accessible.
Is free WiFi available at Sugarhill Kitchen?
Yes, Sugarhill Kitchen offers free wifi.
Is the place quiet?
Sugarhill Kitchen is quiet.
Is this a good kid friendly option?
Sugarhill Kitchen is good for kids. It is near the world's most crookedest street.
What parking options are available?
There is street parking only at Sugarhill Kitchen.
Are reservations accepted at Sumac?
No, Sumac does not take reservations.
Are there vegan options at Sumac?
Vegan friendly options are available at Sumac.
Can I watch TV at Sumac?
Sumac does not have TV.
Do you offer free Wifi for customers?
Yes, Sumac offers free wifi at the restaurant.
Do you serve alcohol?
Sumac does not serve alcohol.
Does Sumac accept the payment with credit cards?
Sumac accepts credit cards.
Does Sumac have happy hour?
Sumac  does not offer happy hour.
Does Sumac offer delivery?
Sumac does have a delivery service available.
Does Sumac offer take-out orders?
The Sumac does offer take-out ordering.
Does your hotel offer easy wheelchair access?
There is easy access for Wheelchairs at Sumac.
Is there bike parking available?
No, Sumac doesn't have bike parking.
Is there outdoor seating available at Sumac?
No, Sumac does not have outdoor seating.
What kind of atmosphere is Sumac?
The ambiance at Sumac is casual.
Can I bring a group?
Super Duper Burgers are good for groups.
Can I order vegan at Super Duper Burgers?
Vegan is offered.
Can I pay with Apple Pay?
Super Duper Burgers doesn't support Apple Pay.
Do you guys allow pets?
Dogs are not allowed at Super Duper Burgers.
Does Super Duper Burgers accept credit cards?
Super Duper Burgers accepts credit cards.
Does Super Duper Burgers accept reservations?
The Super Duper Burgers restaurant does not accept reservations.
Does Super Duper Burgers deliver?
Super Duper Burgers do not offer delivery service.
Does Super Duper Burgers have Happy Hour Specials?
Super Duper Burgers has Happy Hour specials.
Does Super Duper Burgers have a drive-thru?
You cannot pick up your order from the drive thru. Super Duper Burgers does not have a drive thru.
Does Super Duper Burgers have outdoor seating?
Yes, Super Duper Burgers has outdoor seating.
Does Super Duper Burgers offer free WiFi?
Super Duper Burgers does offer free WiFi.
Hey, do you guys have a full bar there?
Super Duper Burgers serves beer & wine only.
Is Super Duper Burgers good for kids?
Super Duper Burgers is good for kids.
Is take-out ordering available at Super Duper Burgers?
Take-out order is available at Super Duper Burgers.
Is there a TV there?
No, Super Duper Burgers does not have TV.
Is there a place to park my bike?
Bike parking is available at Super Duper Burgers.
Is there parking available at Super Duper Burgers?
Parking is only available at Street for Super Duper Burgers' customers.
What is the noise level like at Super Duper Burgers?
The noise level is average.
What kind of atmosphere does Super Duper Burgers have?
The ambience at Super Duper Burgers is casual, classy.
Are pets allowed at Super Duper Burgers?
no pets are not allowed
Can I make reservations at Super Duper Burgers?
Super Duper Burgers does not take reservations.
Do you serve alcohol?
Yes, they serves beer and wine only.
Does Super Duper Burgers accept takeout orders?
Super Duper Burgers do offer takeout ordering.
Does Super Duper Burgers have TV?
No TVs at Super Duper Burgers. But they do have burgers. Lots of them.
Does Super Duper Burgers offer delivery service?
Super Duper Burgers does not offer delivery service.
Does Super Duper Burgers offer parking?
Parking is only available at Street for Super Duper Burgers' customers.
Does the Super Duper Burgers accept Google Pay?
Super Duper Burgers accepts Google Pay.
Does this company offer any vegetarian options?
This company does not.
Hey, are you guys a good option for dining with children?
The Super Duper Burgers are good for kids.
How would you describe the ambience
The ambience at Super Duper Burgers is casual, classy.
Is Super Duper Burgers a good place for happy hour?
Super Duper Burgers offers happy hour specials.
Is Super Duper Burgers vegan friendly?
Super Duper Burgers offers vegan friendly options.
Is there bike parking there?
Bike parking is available at Super Duper Burgers.
What is offered there?
Super Duper Burgers has outside seating available.
What payment options are accepted at Super Duper Burgers?
Super Duper Burgers accepts credit cards and Google Pay.
do you have a drive thru
There is no drive thru at Super Duper Burgers.
is super duper burgers good for groups?
Yes, Super Duper Burgers is good for groups.
is wifi available at Super Duper Burgers?
Super Duper Burgers does have free WiFi.
what is the noise level
The noise level is average at Super Duper Burgers.
Are credit cards accepted?
Super Duper Burgers accepts Credit Cards.
Are there televisions to watch at Super Duper Burgers?
Super Duper Burgers does not have any TV.
Can we eat outdoors at Super Duper Burgers?
Nope, at this spot you must remain indoors.
Do you guys take reservations?
No, no reservations here. I don't think it's that kind of restaurant.
Do you have a drive up window?
No, Super Duper Burgers does not have a drive thru.
Does Super Duper Burgers allow orders for takeout?
Super Duper Burgers allows oder for takeouts.
Does Super Duper Burgers allow to bring dogs?
No, dogs are not allowed at Super Duper Burgers.
Does Super Duper Burgers have vegeterian friendly options?
Super Duper Burgers does offer vegetarian options.
Does Super Duper Burgers offer bicycle parking?
Bike parking is available at Super Duper Burgers.
Does Super Duper Burgers offer delivery?
No, it does not offer delivery.
Does Super Duper Burgers serve any alcohol?
Yes, they serve alcohol, but it's beer and wine only.
Does the Super Duper Burgers have high chairs available for babies?
The Super Duper Burgers does have high chairs, but they are not available for babies.
Does your establishment accept google pay?
Super Duper Burgers does not accept Google Pay.
Hey, I was calling to see if you guys take Apple Pay?
Super Duper Burgers does not accept Apple Pay.
Is Super Duper Burgers good for groups?
Yes, it is good for groups.
Is Super Duper Burgers kid friendly?
Super Duper Burgers is good for kids.
Is there WIFI available?
WiFi isn't available at Super Duper Burgers.
Is there happy hour offered?
Happy hour is offered at Super Duper Burgers.
Is there parking there?
Parking is only available at Steet for Super Duper Burgers' customers.
Is this a noisy place?
Super Duper Burgers has average noise level.
What is the ambience like there?
The ambience of Super Duper Burgers is casual and classy.
What kind of vegan options are there?
Super Duper Burgers does offer vegan friendly options.
Are there TV's at Super Pan?
TV isn't available at Super Pan.
Can Super Pan accommodate groups?
It is good for groups.
Do you accept Apple Pay?
Super Pan does not accept Apple Pay.
Do you guys offer bike parking?
You can park your bike at Super Pan.
Do you guys offer free wifi for customers?
No, Super Pan does not have free WiFi.
Does Super Pan allow dogs?
Super Pan does not allow to bring dogs.
Does Super Pan have take-out ordering?
Super Pan offers take-out ordering.
Does Super Pan have vegan options?
Super Pan has vegan friendly options.
Does Super Pan offer delivery?
Yes, Super Pan offers delivery.
Does Super Pan serve alcohol?
Super Pan serve Beer & Wine Only.
Does Super Pan take reservations?
yes this location take reservations
Does the Super Pan have have outdoor seating ?
There is not outdoor seating at Super Pan.
Does the restaurant accept credit cards?
Super Pan accepts credit cards.
Hi, does Super Pan take Google Pay?
No, Google Pay is not accepted at Super Pan.
How formal is your establishment?
Ambience is casual at Super Pan.
How loud does it get in the place?
The noise level at Super Pan is considered average.
Is Super Pan good for children?
Super Pan is good for kids.
Is Super Pan wheelchair accessible?
Yes, Super Pan is wheelchair accessible.
Is there a happy hour offerd?
Super Pan offers happy hour.
Is there a parking lot?
Super Pan has street parking.
Are vegetarian options available at Shushirrito?
Vegetarian options are available at Sushirrito.
Can I  order something to go?
Yes, Sushirrito offers takeout.
Can I bring in my dog?
the Sushirrito does not allow dogs.
Do they have outdoor seating?
Yes, they have outdoor seats.
Do they offer free wifi?
No, Sushirrito does not have free WiFi.
Do you accept cryptocurrency?
Sushirrito does not accept Cryptocurrency.
Do you accept reservations?
Sushirrito does not take reservations.
Does Sushirrito have TV in the restaurant?
No, they do not have TV in the restaurant.
Does Sushirrito have bike parking available?
Yes, bike parking is available here.
Does Sushirrito have vegan friendly options?
Yes, Sushirrito has vegan options.
Does Sushirrito offer happy hour?
Sushirrito  does not offer happy hour.
Does Sushirrito take Apple Pay?
Yes, Sushirrito accepts Apple Pay.
Does the Sushirrito offer delivery service?
Sushirrito offers delivery service.
HI! What payment options are offered?
Credit card and apply pay
How noisy is your place?
The noise level at Sushirrito is average.
Is Sushirrito a good place for groups?
No, Sushirrito is not good for groups.
Is Sushirrito good for kids?
Sushirrito is good for kids.
Is there alcohol there?
Sushirrito serve Beer & Wine Only
Is your location wheelchair accessible?
Sushirrito is very wheelchair accessible toward customers.
What is the ambience like there?
ambience of Sushirrito is  Casual, Classy
What is the dress code Sushirrito?
Dress code at Sushirrito is  Casual.
What options do you have for parking at your restaurant?
Street and garage parking is offered.
Are groups good at Sutro's at The Cliff House?
Sutro's at The Cliff House is good for groups.
Can I bring my dog to Sutro's at The Cliff House?
No, Sutro's at The Cliff House does not allow dogs.
Do you guys offer bike parking?
yes this location has bike parking
Do you guys take Apple Pay?
Sutro's at The Cliff House does not accept Apple Pay.
Do you offer reservations?
The Sutro's at The Cliff House does take reservations.
Does Sutro's at The Cliff House have vegan friendly options?
Sutro's at The Cliff House has vegan friendly options.
Does Sutro's at The Cliff House offer take-out ordering?
Take-out is not offered.
Does the Sutro's at The Cliff House have TV?
Sutro's at The Cliff House does not have TV.
Is Alcohol served at Sutro's at The Cliff House?
It has a full bar.
Is Sutro's at The Cliff House wheelchair accessible?
Sutro's at The Cliff House is wheelchair accessible.
Is free WiFi offered at Sutro's at The Cliff House?
Free wifi is offered.
Is it very quiet at Sutro's at The Cliff House?
The noise level at Sutro's at The Cliff House is average.
Is there any outdoor seating area at Sutro's at The Cliff House?
The Sutro's at the Cliff House do not offer outdoor seats.
Is there delivery service available?
No, Sutro's at The Cliff House does not offer delivery service.
Is this a kid friendly restaurant?
It is good for kids.
What is the ambiance like?
The ambience is classy.
What type of parking is available at Sutro's at The Cliff House?
Sutro's at The Cliff House has street parking.
What type of payment methods are accepted by Sutro's at The Cliff House?
Sutro's at the Cliff House accepts credit cards.
do you accept Google pay
Sutro's at The Cliff House does not accept Google Pay
Are there TVs at the Swan Oyster Depot?
Nope, no TVs at the Swan Oyster Depot. Only swans. And oysters.
Can I bring my dog
No.Swan Oyster Depot does not allow to bring dogs.
Can I park my bike at Swan Oyster Depot.
Swan Oyster Depot has bike parking.
Do you offer alcohol?
The Swan Oyster Depot serves beer and wine only.
Do you offer delivery?
Swan Oyster Depot does offer delivery.
Do you take reservations?
No, they don't take reservations at this restaurant.
Does Swan Oyster Depot accept Apple Pay?
No, Swan Oyster Depot does not accept Apple Pay.
Does Swan Oyster Depot accept Google Pay?
Swan Oyster Depot is not accepting Google Pay.
Does Swan Oyster Depot have gluten free options?
Swan Oyster Depot does not have any gluten-free options.
Does Swan Oyster Depot have happy hour?
No, they do not have a happy hour.
Does Swan Oyster Depot have outdoor seating available?
There is no outdoor seating.
Does Swan Oyster Depot have vegan friendly options?
Swan Oyster Depot does not offer vegan friendly dishes.
Does The Swan Oyster Depot offer take-out?
The Swan Oyster Depot does offer take-out ordering.
Does your establishment cater to groups?
No, this spot is not a good one for groups.
Hey, what kind of payment options do you guys accept?
Swan Oyster Depot is cash only.
How loud does it get at the Swan Oyster Depot?
Noise level is average at Swan Oyster Depot.
I was curious if Swan Oyster Depot offers free WiFi?
No, they do not offer free WiFi.
Is Swan Oyster Depot a good place for kids?
Swan Oyster Depot is good for kids.
Is Swan Oyster Depot wheelchair accessible?
Swan Oyster Depot is wheelchair accessible.
Is smoking allowed at Swan Oyster Depot?
The Swan Oyster Depot restaurant does not allow smoking.
What is the atmosphere like at your establishment?
Ambience of Swan Oyster Depot is Casual, Classy
Where should I park?
Street parking is available at Swan Oyster Depot.
Are groups good at Taboun?
Yes, Taboun is good for groups.
Are there vegan options available?
Yes, Taboun has vegan friendly options.
Can I order delivery from Taboun?
Yes, Taboun offers delivery service.
Can you use Apple Pay here?
You cannot pay with Apple Pay here.
Do you accept reservations?
No, they do not take reservations.
Do you guys offer free WiFi?
The Taboun restaurant does offer free WiFi.
Do you have outdoor seating there?
Taboun does have outdoor seats.
Does Taboun offer take-out ordering?
Yes, they offer take-out ordering.
Does Taboun serve alcohol?
Yes, alcohol is served here in the form of beer and wine.
Does Taboun take credit cards?
Taboun accepts credit cards.
Does the Taboun have Car Parking?
Street Parking is available at Taboun.
Does the Taboun offer Bike Parking?
Bike parking is available at Taboun.
Hey, do you guys have wheelchair ramps available there?
Yes, Taboun is wheelchair accessible. I believe that's the purpose of that long ramp out front.
Is Taboun a good place for kids?
The Taboun is good for kids.
Is Taboun a noisy restaurant?
Taboun has average noise level.
Is a TV available at Taboun?
TV is not available at Taboun.
Is there a dress code?
Attire/Dress code is casual at Taboun.
What type enviroment is Taboun?
The ambience of Taboun is casual.
Can I go for happy hour to Tacko?
Yes, the restaurant offers happy hour specials.
Do I need a reservation for Tacko?
No, Tacko does not take reservations.
Do you accept Apple pay as payment?
No, they do not accept Apple Pay as payment method.
Do you accept Google Pay?
No, they do not accept Google Pay as payment method.
Do you guys have a drive-thru service?
Drive thru isn't available at Tacko.
Do you have free WiFi?
No free wifi is provided at Tacko.
Do you offer a full bar?
Tacko serves beer and wine only.
Does Tacko accept credit cards?
Tacko accepts credit cards.
Does Tacko have soy free options?
Tacko does not offer soy free options.
Does Tacko have television?
Yes. Tacko have TV.
Does Tacko have vegan options on its menu?
Tacko does have vegan friendly options.
Does Tacko offer bike parking?
Yes, Tacko has bike parking.
Does Tacko offer delivery service?
Tacko does offer delivery service.
Does Tacko offer tak out?
Tacko offers take-out ordering.
Is outdoor seating available at Tacko?
Outdoor seating is available at Tacko.
Is the Tacko restaurant good for kids?
The Tacko restaurant is good for kids.
Is this restaurant good for groups?
The Tacko restaurant is good for groups.
What is the noise level at Tacko?
The noise level at Tacko is loud.
What's the dress code for Tacko?
Tacko has a casual ambience, so like jeans.
Where can I park nearby?
You can park on the street.
Are there reservations able to be taken?
Tacorea does not take reservations.
Can I get to-go at Tacorea?
Tacorea does not have a pick up drive thru.
Can I use Google Pay at Tacorea?
Tacorea does accept Google Pay.
Can you tell me if you have wheelchair accessibility please?
Yes, Tacorea is wheelchair accessible.
Do you accept Apple Pay?
Tacorea accepts Apple Pay.
Do you deliver?
The Tacorea does not offer delivery services.
Do you offer free Wifi?
The Tacorea does offer free WiFi.
Do you offer group seating?
Tacorea is not good for groups.
Does Tacorea accept Cryptocurrency as a form of payment from customers?
Tacorea does not accept Cryptocurrency.
Does Tacorea have outdoor seating?
Tacorea does not have outdoor seats. I guess they can't afford them.
Does Tacorea have street parking?
The Tacorea does offer street parking.
Does Tacorea have vegan food?
Yes, Tacorea has vegan friendly options.
Does Tacorea offer take-out ordering?
Yes, they offer take-out ordering.
Does have Tacorea have bike parking?
No, Tacorea doesn't offer bike parking.
Hey, are you guys a dog friendly establishment?
Dogs are not allowed.
How is the ambience of Tacorea?
The ambience at Tacorea is casual, classy.
Is TV available there?
Yes, Tacorea has TV in the restaurant.
Is Tacorea good for happy hour?
Tacorea doesn't offer happy hour .
Is this place good for kids?
Tacorea is good for kids
What can I use to post for my bill?
Tacorea accepts credit cards, Apple Pay, and Google Pay.
What is the noise level like there?
Noise level is average.
What sort of alcohol do you guys serve?
Tacorea serves beer & wine only.
Can I order from a full bar?
Tacos El Patron serves beer and wine.
Can I park my bike at Tacos El Patron?
The Tacos El Patron does not have bike parking.
Do you have delivery service?
Yes. Tacos El Patron offers delivery service.
Do you take cryptocurrency?
Crypto currency is not accepted.
Does Taco El Patron have outdoor seats?
No, they do not have outdoor seats.
Does Tacos El Patron accept Apple Pay?
Tacos El Patron accepts Apple Pay.
Does Tacos El Patron accept reservations?
Tacos El Patron does not accept reservations.
Does Tacos El Patron allow dogs?
The Tacos El Patron restaurant does not allow dogs.
Does Tacos El Patron offer free WiFi?
Tacos El Patron does not offer free WiFi.
Does Tacos El Patron offer take-out ordering?
Tacos El Patron offers take-out ordering.
Does Tacos El Patron take Apple Pay?
Tacos El Patron accepts Credit card,Apple Pay, and Google Pay as payment.
Does the Tacos El Patron have a TV?
The Tacos El Patron does have a TV.
Is Tacos El Patron good for groups?
Tacos El Patron is good for groups.
Is Tacos El Patron wheelchair friendly?
Tacos El Patron is wheelchair accessible.
Is google pay offered?
Tacos El Patron does accept Google Pay.
Is there a happy hour at Tacos El Patron?
Yes, Tacos El Patron offers a happy hour.
Is your restaurant crowded and noisy?
The noise level at Tacos El Patron Is average -- not loud, and not quiet.
What kind of parking is there?
There is street parking.
what is the ambience like at Tacos El Patron?
The ambience of Tacos El Patron is classy.
Are there any vegetarian options?
Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen has vegetarian options.
Can I bring a large group to Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen?
The Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen is not good for groups.
Can I bring my dog to Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen?
No, dogs are not allowed at Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen.
Can I pay my check with Apple Pay?
The Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen does not accept Apple Pay.
Do I have to make a reservation?
Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen does take reservations in advance.
Do you have delivery service?
Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen offers delivery.
Does Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen offer happy hour?
No, Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen does not offer a happy hour.
Does Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen serve alcohol?
Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen serve Beer & Wine Only.
Does The Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen offer free WiFi?
The Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen does offer free WiFi.
Does the Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen have Car Parking?
The Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen offers street parking for cars.
Does the Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen offer vegan friendly options?
The Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen does offer vegan friendly options.
Does the restaurant accept credit cards?
Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen accepts credit cards.
Is Google Pay accepted at Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen?
No, they do not accept Google Pay as payment method.
Is bike parking available at Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen?
There is no bike parking at Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen.
Is it accessible for kidsa?
Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen is good for kids.
Is it possible to get to-go food at Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen?
Yes, they offer take-out ordering.
Is outdoor seating available at your location?
no they do not have outdoor seating
Is there a TV at Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen?
There is no tv.
Is your restaurant wheelchair accessible?
Yes, this is a wheelchair accessible restaurant.
What is the mood at Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen?
The ambience of Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen is classy and casual.
What's the noise level like?
Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen has average noise level.
Can I bring my dog?
No. Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen does not allow to bring dogs.
Can I park my car at Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen?
Parking is only on Streets.
Can we sit outdoors?
Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen does not offer outdoor seating.
Do you accept cryptocurrency as payment?
No, Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen does not accept cryptocurrency.
Do you offer delivery service?
Yes, they offer delivery service.
Do you take Apple Pay?
Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen accepts Apple Pay.
Do you take Google Pay?
Yes, they accept Google Pay.
Doea Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen have WiFi?
Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen does not have free WiFi.
Does Tadu Ehtiopian Kitchen have televisions playing in the restaurant?
Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen does not have TV.
Does Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen have happy hour?
The Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen does offer Happy Hours.
Does Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen offer take-out ordering?
Yes, take-out ordering is offered here.
Does Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen serve alcohol?
Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen serve Beer & Wine Only.
Does Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen take reservations?
Yes, Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen takes reservations.
Does the Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen have wheelchair accessible?
The Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen is wheelchair accessible.
Does your establishment have vegetarian options?
The Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen have vegetarian friendly options.
Is Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen a good place for kids?
Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen is good for kids.
Is Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen good for groups?
Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen is good for groups. They have plenty of tables and a spacious dining area.
Is bike parking available at Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen?
Yes, there is bike parking.
What do you offer?
The ambiance of Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen is casual and trendy.
What is the noise level at Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen?
The Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen has a noise level that is average.
What payment methods do you accept?
Payment options at Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen include Apple Pay, Google Pay, and Credit Cards.
do you have vegan options
vegan dishes are offered.
Are children good at Takara Sushi?
Takara Sushi is good for kids.
Can I pay for my meal with Apple Pay?
Takara Sushi does not accept Apple Pay.
Can I use my credit card at Takara Sushi?
Takara Sushi accepts Credit Cards.
Can you tell me what the noise level is like there usually?
The noise level at Takara Sushi is average.
Do you have free WiFi?
No, Takara Sushi does not offer free WiFi.
Do you offer bike parking there?
You can Park bike at Takara Sushi.
Does Takara Sushi have a TV available to watch sporting events?
Yes, Takara Sushi has TV.
Does Takara Sushi offer delivery service?
Takara Sushi does offer delivery service.
Does Takara Sushi offer take-out ordering?
Takara Sushi does offer take-out ordering.
Does Takara Sushi take reservations?
Yes, they take reservations.
Hey, is it possible to sit outdoors there?
Takara Sushi does not have outdoor seats.
Howdy, what kind of parking do you guys have available there?
Takara Sushi has parking on the street.
Is Takara Sushi good for groups?
Takara Sushi is good for groups.
Is there a happy house at Takara Sushi?
Takara Sushi offers happy hour.
What is the atmosphere?
The ambience of Takara Sushi is casual.
What kind of alcoholic beverages do you serve?
Takara Sushi serves beer and wine only.
What sort of attire is worn at Takara Sushi?
There is no specific dress code at Takara Sushi, it is casual.
Are there TV's available to watch?
Yes, Tanguito has TV.
Are you good for group
The Tanguito is good for groups.
Do I need a reservation for Tanguito?
No, Tanguito does not take reservations.
Do you have a drive-thru?
The Tanguito does not offer drive-thru services.
Do you permit pets?
yes dogs are allowed
Do you take Google Pay?
Tanguito doesn't accept Google Pay for its customers.
Does Tanguito offer delivery service?
No, Tanguito doesn't offer delivery service.
Does Tanguito offer free WiFi?
Tanguito does not have WiFi.
Does Tanguito offer happy hour?
No, Tanguito doesn't offer happy hour.
Does Tanguito offer take-out ordering?
Yes, Tanguito offers take-out ordering.
Does Tanguito take Apple Pay?
No, Tanguito does not accept Apple Pay.
How is the noise level at Tanguito?
At Tanguito the noise level is bearable, it's average.
Is Tanguito good for my kids?
If you visit Tanguito, you can expect a good experience with kids.
Is outdoor seating available at Tanguito?
The Tanguito does offer outdoor seats.
Is there a place for me to park my bike at Tanguito?
There is bike parking at Tanguito.
Is there alcohol available?
The Tanguito does not serve alcohol.
What is the atmosphere at Tanguito?
Casual ambience of Tanguito.
What methods of payment does the restaurant have?
The payment options for Tanguito is cash only.
Where can I park at Tanguito?
Street parking is available at Tanguito.
Are groups allowed here?
The Taqueria Los Coyotes are not good for groups.
Can I bring my dog to Taqueria Los Coyotes?
Dogs are not allowed in at Taqueria Los Coyotes.
Can I use Apple Pay at Taqueria Los Coyotes?
Apple Pay is not accepted at Taqueria Los Coyotes.
Do you accept Google Pay?
Taqueria Los Coyotes does not accept Google Pay.
Do you have outdoor seating?
No, they do not have outdoor seats.
Does Taqueria Los Coyotes have wheelchair access?
yes this location is wheelchair accessible
Does Taqueria Los Coyotes offer vegan options?
Absolutely there are vegan options at Taqueria Los Coyotes.
Does Taqueria Los Coyotes play television?
The Taqueria Los Coyotes does have TV.
Does Taqueria Los Coyotes take reservations?
Taqueria Los Coyotes does take reservations.
Hey, do you guys accept any Cryptocurrency for payment there?
Taqueria Los Coyotes does not accept Cryptocurrency.
Hey, do you guys offer take-out orders?
The Taqueria Los Coyotes does offer take-out ordering.
Hi, can you tell me what payment methods you guys take?
Taqueria Los Coyotes accepts credit cards as a form of payment.
Is Taqueria Los Coyotes by appointment only?
Taqueria Los Coyotes is not by appointment only.
Is Taqueria Los Coyotes good for kids?
The Taqueria Los Coyotes restaurant is purported to be good for kids.
Is alcohol served at Taqueria Los Coyotes?
Yes, they serve beer and wine only.
Is there bike parking available?
Bike parking is available at Taqueria Los Coyotes.
Is there delivery service offered/
Taqueria Los Coyotes offers delivery service.
What is the mood like at Taqueria Los Coyotes?
The ambience of the Taqueria Los Coyotes is considered casual.
What is typical noise level?
Noise level is average.
What type of parking is offered at Taqueria Los Coyotes?
Taqueria Los Coyotes has street parking.
do you have wi fi
Taqueria Los Coyotes does offer free WiFi.
Are there vegetarian dishes at Tartine Bakery & Cafe?
Vegetarian options are available at Tartine Bakery & Cafe.
Do you accept Apple Pay?
Tartine Bakery & Cafe does not accept Apple Pay.
Do you guys have happy hour?
Tartine Bakery & Cafe does not offer happy hour.
Do you guys take credit cards?
Tartine Bakery & Cafe accepts credit cards.
Do you have outdoor seating?
Yes, there is outdoor seating.
Do you offer free WiFi?
The Tartine Bakery & Cafe does offer free WiFi.
Do you offer vegan options?
Yes, Tartine Bakery & Cafe has vegan friendly options.
Does Tartine Bakery & Cafe accept Google Pay?
No, Tartine Bakery & Cafe does not accept Google Pay.
Does Tartine Bakery & Cafe do delivery?
Tartine Bakery & Cafe offers delivery service.
Does Tartine Bakery & Cafe do take-out?
Tartine Bakery & Cafe offers take-out ordering.
Does Tartine Bakery & Cafe take reservations?
No, they do not take reservations.
Hey, so what's the ambience over there at Tartine?
The ambience of Tartine Bakery & Cafe is casual and classy.
Is Tartine Bakery & Cafe good for groups?
The bakery almost always has a long line of customers, even as early as 8am. Most people go there alone for their favourite dessert but there are few groups too. These people enjoy the pastries and company. So yes, Tartine Bakery & Cafe is good for groups provided they dont mind the waiting.
Is Tartine Bakery & Cafe good for kids?
The Tartine Bakery & Cafe is good for kids.
Is parking available at Tartine Bakery & Cafe?
You can absolutely park your car here - in the street or in a private lot. Good luck.
Is there a place to park my bike?
The Tartine Bakery & Cafe restaurant has bike parking.
Is there drive thru offered?
Drive thur is not offered.
What adult beverages does Tartine Bakery & Cafe drink?
Tartine Bakery & Cafe serves beer & wine only.
What is the noise level at Tartine Bakery & Cafe?
Tartine Bakery & Cafe is loud.
Would I be able to purchase gluten free food at Tartine Bakery & Cafe?
Gluten free options are available
does Tartine Bakery & Cafe have a tv?
Yes, Tartine Bakery & Cafe has TV.
Am I able to get delivery from Tasty Pot?
The Tasty Pot does offer delivery service.
Can I park at Tasty Pot?
There is street parking.
Can i make a reservation
Tasty Pot does not take reservations.
Do you allow dogs at Tasty Pot?
Dogs are not allowed.
Does Tasty Pot have vegeterian friendly options?
Tasty Pot does not have vegetarian friendly options.
Does Tasty Pot offer happy hour?
Tasty Pot offers a Happy Hour.
Does Tasty Pot offer take-out ordering?
Yes, Tasty Pot offers take-out ordering.
Does Tasty Pot serve alcohol?
Tasty Pot serves beer and wine only.
Does Tasty Poy accept Apple Pay?
Tasty Pot does not accept Apple Pay.
Does Tatsy Pot have WiFi?
Tasty Pot offers free WiFi.
Does the Tasty Pot have outdoor seating?
Outdoor seating is not available at Tasty Pot.
Hey, is it possible to park my bike there?
Yes, Tasty Pot has bike parking.
How is the ambiance there?
Ambience of Tasty Pot is Casual, Trendy, Classy.
How noisy is the Tasty Pot?
The noise level is average at Tasty Pot. You can expect to be seated quickly and eat in a trendy and classy atmosphere.
Is Google Pay accepted there?
Tasty Pot does not accept Google Pay.
Is Tasty Pot good for groups?
Tasty Pot is good for groups.
Is Tasty Pot kid friendly?
The Tasty Pot is good for kids.
Is there a TV at Tasty Pot?
Yes, Tasty Pot has TV.
Is there wheelchair access at the Tasty Pot?
Yes, Tasty Pot is wheelchair accessible.
do you accept credit cards
Tasty Pot accepts credit cards.
Are kids allowed there?
Yes. Thai House Express is good for kids.
Can I pay with Google Pay at Thai House Express?
No, they do not accept Google Pay as payment method.
Do you accept Apple Pay?
Thai House Express does not accept Apple Pay.
Does Thai House Express allow credit cards as a source of payment?
Thai House Express allows credit cards as a source of payment.
Does Thai House Express have any alcoholic beverage in their drink menu?
Yes, beer and wine are available on the drink menu.
Does Thai House Express have free Wifi?
Yes, they offer free WiFi.
Does Thai House Express have vegan friendly options?
Thai House Express does have vegan friendly options.
Does Thai House Express offer bike parking?
The Thai House Express does offer bike parking.
Does Thai House Express take reservations?
Yes, Thai House Express takes reservations.
Hi, are you guys good for group dining?
Thai House Express is good for groups.
I was wondering if you offer delivery.
Thai House Express offers delivery service.
Is takeout available at Thai House Express?
Thai House Express does offer take-out ordering.
Is there a TV at Thai House Express?
Thai House Express have no TV.
Is there street parking available?
The Thai House Express does allow for street parking.
May I bring my puppy to Thai House Express?
Dogs are not allowed at Thai House Express.
What is the ambience of Thai House Express?
This is classified as a casual and classy restaurant.
What is the noise level at Thai House Express?
Average noise level at Thai House Express.
Yeah, we are looking for outdoor seats do you have them?
There is no outdoor seating available at Thai House Express.
Are meatless and vegan options available?
The Thai Time Restaurant does have vegan friendly options.
Are there groups of people able to attend?
Thai Time Restaurant is not good for groups.
Can I make a reservation?
Thai Time Restaurant does not take reservations.
Can I use Apple Pay at Thai Time Restaurant?
Thai Time Restaurant does not accept Apple Pay.
Do you deliver?
The Thai Time Restaurant does offer delivery services.
Do you guys offer parking?
Street and private lot parking are available at Thai Time Restaurant.
Do you have a place to park bikes?
The Thai Time Restaurant does offer bike parking.
Does Thai Time Restaurant have a t.v.?
No, Thai Time Restaurant does not have TV.
Does Thai Time Restaurant offer Happy Hour?
The Thai Time Restaurant does not offer Happy Hour.
Does Thai Time Restaurant offer WiFi?
The Thai Time Restaurant does not offer WiFi.
Does Thai Time have an outdoor seating area?
Thai Time Restaurant does not have outdoor seating.
Does the Thai Time Restaurant offer take-out ordering?
Thai Time Restaurant does offer take-out ordering.
Hi, is it possible for me to bring my dog there?
No, dogs are not allowed at Thai Time Restaurant.
Is there beer and wine at Thai Time Restaurant?
Thai Time Restaurant serves beer and wine only.
Is your restaurant kid-friendly?
Thai Time Restaurant is good for kids.
What is the atmosphere there ?
Ambience of Thai Time Restaurant is  Casual, Classy
What is the average noise level at Thai Time Restaurant?
Average noise level at Thai Time Restaurant.
what forms of payment does thai time restaurant accept?
Thai Time Restaurant accepts credit cards.
Can I bring my dog to The Alembic?
The Alembic does not allow dogs.
Can I make a reservation?
The Alembic does not take reservations.
Can I order something to go?
The Alembic does not offer take-out ordering.
Can I park my car at The Alembic?
The Alembic does include street parking.
Can I use Apple Pay?
No, they do not accept Apple Pay as payment method.
Do you accept Google Pay?
The Alembic does not accept Google Pay.
Do you guys offer delivery service?
The Alembic currently does not offer delivery service.
Do you have free internet?
Yes, The Alembic offers free WiFI.
Do you have have wheelchair access?
The Alembic is wheelchair accessible.
Do you have high chairs for babies available?
High chairs are available at The Alembic.
Does The Alembic accept Cryptocurrency?
The Alembic does not accept Cryptocurrency.
Does The Alembic have a full bar?
A Full Bar is available at The Alembic.
Does The Alembic have vegetarian options?
The Alembic does have vegetarian friendly options.
Hey, are you guys good for dining with kids?
No, The Alembic is not good for kids.
Hi, are there any TV's in the restaurant?
No, they do not have TV in this restaurant.
How would you describe the ambiance of your hotel?
The ambience of The Alembic is Hipster, Classy.
How would you describe the noise level?
The Alembic has average noise level.
Is The Alembic good for groups?
The Alembic is good for groups.
Is there a smoking section at The Alembic?
Smoking is not allowed at The Alembic.
Is there outdoor seating at The Alembic?
There is no outdoor seating.
What are the payment options at The Alembic?
The Alembic accepts credit cards.
What is the attire like at The Alembic?
Attire is casual at The Alembic.
do you have happy hour
The Alembic does provide happy hour.
does The Alembic accept reservations?
The Alembic does not accept reservations.
is bike parking available?
The Alembic does not have bike parking.
Are there TV's in the main seating area?
The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen does not have TV.
Can you tell me what the noise level is like there?
The noise level is average.
Do you have a scheduled happy hour?
The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen does offer happy hour.
Do you have bike parking?
The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen restaurant does offer parking for bikes.
Do you have vegetarian options?
The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen restaurant have vegetarian friendly options.
Do you offer delivery service at this restaurant?
The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen offers delivery service.
Do you take reservations there?
The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen does not take reservations.
Does The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen accept Apple Pay?
Apple Pay is accepted at The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen.
Does The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen accept Cryptocurrency?
No, The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen does not accept cryptocurrency.
Does The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen accept Google Pay for payments?
Google Pay is accepted at The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen.
Does The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen have free wifi?
WiFi is not available at The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen.
Does The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen have wheelchair accessibility?
The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen is wheelchair accessible.
Does The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen offer highchairs?
The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen has high chairs available for babies.
Does the American Grilled Cheese Kitchen serve alcohol?
The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen serves beer & wine only.
Is The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen good for groups?
The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen restaurant is good for groups.
Is The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen good for kids?
The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen is good for kids.
Is it OK for me to bring my dog?
Dogs are not allowed at The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen.
Is take out offered at The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen?
Take out is offered.
Is there a dress code at The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen?
The ambiance at The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen is casual and classy.
Is there outdoor seating?
The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen restaurant does offer outdoor seating.
Is there vegan options available here?
The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen restaurant does have vegan friendly options.
What type of payment methods are accepted at The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen?
The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen accepts Credit card,Apple Pay, and Google Pay as payment.
Where can I park my car at The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen.
Street parking as available for cars at The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen
Are credit cards accepted at The Bird?
Credit cards are accepted at The Bird.
Can I sit outside at The Bird?
The Bird offers outdoor seating. Their food is served in baskets creating a picnic-style ambiance.
Can I take my puppy to The Bird?
No dogs are allowed at The Bird.
Can I use Apple Pay for my bill at The Bird?
No, they do not accept Apple Pay as payment method.
Do you have free wifi onsite?
Yes, they offer free Wifi.
Do you take reservations?
The Bird  does not take reservations.
Does The Bird offer take-out ordering?
Yes, they offer take-out ordering.
Does The Bird serve alcohol?
The Bird serves beer and wine only.
Does the The Bird offer happy hour ?
Happy hour is offered.
Hey, can I pay with Google Pay there?
No, they do not accept Google Pay as payment method.
Is The Bird good for groups?
Yes, The Bird is good for groups.
Is there a TV there?
The Bird has TV.
Is there bike parking available at The Bird?
There is bike parking available at The Bird.
Is there delivery available?
No, they do not offer delivery service.
Is this restaurant wheelchair accessible?
The Bird is wheelchair accessible.
What is the ambiance of The Bird?
Ambience of The Bird is Casual, Classy
What is the noise level like there?
The noise level is average.
Where should I park?
Parking Garage is available for cars at The Bird.
are you kid friendly
Yes, The Bird is a good restaurant to visit with kids.
Are you able to deliver a local order?
Yes, the restaurant offers delivery service.
Do you accept reservations?
The Cheesecake Factory does take reservations.
Do you all offer takeout?
Yes, The Cheesecake Factory offers takeout.
Do you guys take Google Pay?
The Cheesecake Factory does not accept Google Pay.
Do you have a drive thru?
You cannot pick up your order from The Cheesecake Factory at a drive through.
Do you have bike parking?
The Cheesecake Factory restaurant does not have bike parking.
Do you have high chairs available?
High chairs are available.
Does  The Cheesecake Factory accept Apple Pay?
The Cheesecake Factory does not accept Apple Play.
Does The Cheesecake Factory have Car Parking?
You can park your car at Parking Garage.
Does The Cheesecake Factory menu have vegetarian dishes?
Yes, The Cheesecake Factory offers vegetarian options.
Does The Cheesecake Factory offer happy hour?
The Cheesecake Factory does not offer happy hour.
Does the Cheesecake Factory have vegan options?
Yes, The Cheesecake Factory has good vegan options.
How will I be able to pay for my meal?
The payment options at The Cheesecake Factory are cash or credit.
I like to work as I eat can I log on with my computer while I eat there?
The Cheesecake Factory does not offer free WiFi
Is The Cheesecake Factory good for kids?
Yes, The Cheesecake Factory is good for kids.
Is there TV at The Cheesecake Factory?
The Cheesecake Factory does have TV.
Is there outdoor seating available?
Yes, there is an outdoor seating area.
Is this place suitable for groups?
The Cheesecake Factory is suited for groups.
What credit cards can I use at The Cheesecake Factory?
The restaurant accepts Credit Cards.
What is the bar options like there?
The Cheesecake Factory has a full bar.
What is the noise level at the restaurant?
It is loud at the Cheesecake Factory.
What sort of things do you offer?
The ambiance of The Cheesecake Factory is touristy and classy.
Can I bring my kids?
The Fly Trap is good for kids.
Can I get to-go at The Fly Trap?
The Fly Trap offers take-out ordering.
Can I use Apple Pay at The Fly Trap?
The Fly Trap does not accept Apple Pay.
Do you have any outdoor seating or a patio?
Outdoor seating is available at The Fly Trap.
Do you have vegan friendly options?
The Fly Trap offers vegan friendly options.
Do you have wifi there?
The Fly Trap offers free WiFi.
Do you offer happy-hour?
The Fly Trap offers happy hour special at site.
Does The Fly Trap serve alcohol?
Yes. The Fly Trap serve alcohol.
Does The Fly Trap take reservations?
Yes, they take reservations.
Does your restaurant have a TV available to watch tonight's game?
Yes, they have TV.
Is The Fly Trap a good place to bring a group?
yes this is a good place for groups
Is delivery possible at The Fly Trap?
No, The Fly Trap doesn't offer delivery service.
Is there any bike parking at The Fly Trap?
Bike parking is available at The Fly Trap.
What are my parking options?
The Fly Trap offers validated street parking.
What is the ambience of The Fly Trap?
The ambience of the Fly Trap is classy.
What is the noise level at The Fly Trap?
The Fly Trap has a noise level that is considered to be average.
what form of payment does The Fly Trap accept?
The Fly Trap accepts credit cards as payment but not Google Pay or Apple Pay.
Are dogs allowed at The Flying Falafel?
Yes, the restaurant allows dogs.
Can I use Apple pay to pay for the order
The Flying Falafel does not accept Apple Pay.
Do you have any vegetarian options?
The Flying Falafel have vegetarian friendly options.
Do you have free WiFi?
Yes, they offer free WiFi.
Do you offer bicycle parking?
There is bike parking.
Doe the Flying Falafel accept reservations?
The Flying Falafel does not take reservations.
Does The Flying Falafel have TV?
There is no tv.
Does The Flying Falafel have a happy hour?
No.The Flying Falafel  does not offer happy hour.
Does The Flying Falafel offer delivery?
Yes, The Flying Falafel offers delivery.
Does The Flying Falafel offer take-out ordering?
The Flying Falafel does offer take-out ordering.
Does The Flying Falafel serve alcohol?
The Flying Falafel does not serve alcohol.
Does the Flying Falafel accept credit cards?
The Flying Falafel accepts credit cards as payment options.
Hey, can you let me know if it's wheelchair friendly there?
Yes, The Flying Falafel is wheelchair accessible.
Hi, does your restaurant accept bitcoin?
The Flying Falafel does not accept Cryptocurrency.
Is Google Pay accepted at The Flying Falafel?
Google Pay is not accepted at The Flying Falafel.
Is The Flying Falafel good for kids?
The Flying Falafel is good for kids.
Is there a specific dress code at The Flying Falafel?
There is no specific dress code at the Flying Falafel.
Is this large enough for groups?
The Flying Falafel is not good for groups.
What is noise level at The Flying Falafel?
The noise level is average at The Flying Falafel.
What is the ambiance at The Flying Falafel?
The ambiance at The Flying Falafel is casual.
do you have vegan options
The Flying Falafel has vegan friendly options.
does flying falafel have outdoor seats?
The Flying Falafel does not have outdoor seats.
Can I get take out orders from The Front Porch?
Yes, they offer take-out ordering.
Can you tell me if there is a parking lot at The Front Porch?
Street parking is available at The Front Porch.
Do you accept credit cards?
The restaurant accepts credit cards.
Do you have delivery service?
Yes, The Front Porch offers delivery service.
Do you have outdoor seating?
yes they have outdoor seating
Does The Front Porch accept Google Pay?
The Front Porch does not accept Google Pay.
Does The Front Porch have a TV
Yes. The Front Porch have TV.
Does The Front Porch have happy hour specials?
The Front Porch offers happy hour specials.
Does The Front Porch offer vegan friendly options?
The Front Porch has vegan friendly options.
Does The Front Porch offer vegetarian friendly options?
The Front Porch has vegetarian friendly options.
Does The Front Porch take reservations?
Yes. The Front Porch takes reservations.
Does the The Front Porch have high chairs for Kids?
High chairs are available.
Does your facility allow dogs?
Yes bring your dogs!
Is The Front Porch suitable for kids?
The Front Porch is suitable for kids.
Is the Front Porch good place for groups?
Good place for groups.
Is the Wifi at The Front Porch?
The Front Porch restaurant does offer free WiFi.
Is there alcohol at The Front Porch?
Yes.The Front Porch serve alcohol.
Is there bike parking at your establishment?
Bike parking is available at The Front Porch.
What is the noise level at The Front Porch?
The Front Porch has a noise level that is average.
What kind of ambience does The Front Porch have?
hipster classy ambience
do you accept apple pay
No, they do not accept Apple Pay as payment method.
Are groups welcomed there?
Yes, The GrilledCheezGuy is good for groups.
Can I park my bike at The GrilledCheezGuy?
The GrilledCheezGuy has bike parking available
Can I sit outside at The GriledCheezGuy?
The GrilledCheezGuy does have outdoor seats.
Do you guys offer parking?
Street parking is available at the restaurant.
Does The GrilledCheezGuy have any delivery service?
No, The GrilledCheezGuy doesn't deliver your order.
Does The GrilledCheezGuy have happy hour?
The GrilledCheezGuy does not offer happy hour.
Does The GrilledCheezGuy have television?
The GrilledCheezGuy does not have TV.
Does The GrilledCheezGuy serve alcohol?
The GrilledCheezGuy does not serve alcohol.
Does The GrilledCheezGuy take reservations?
No, they do not take reservations.
Does your place take Apply Pay or just credit cards?
The GrilledCheezGuy accepts credit cards and Apple Pay.
Hey, so what's the ambience like there?
Casual ambience at The GrilledCheezGuy.
Is take-out ordering available?
Yes, they offer take-out ordering.
Is the GrilledCheezguy wheelchair accessible?
The GrilledCheezguy is wheelchair accessible.
Is wifi available there?
WiFi is not available at The GrilledCheezGuy.
Is your restaurant kid friendly?
The GrilledCheezGuy restaurant is good for kids.
What is the noise level like?
The GrilledCheezGuy has average noise level.
What kind of pay is accepted?
The GrilledCheezGuy accepts Apple Pay.
Are kids good at The Halal Guys?
The Halal Guys are good for kids.
Can I bring my dog if he is on a leash?
The Halal Guys does not allow dogs.
Can I use Google Pay at The Halal Guys?
No, they do not accept Google Pay as payment method.
Do you guys offer happy hour?
The Halal Guys does not offer happy hour.
Do you guys take apple pay?
No, The Halal Guys does not accept Apple Pay.
Do you have wi-fi?
The Halal Guys offers free WiFi.
Does The Halal Guys have outdoor seating?
The Halal Guys do not have outdoor seats.
Does The Halal Guys offer take-out?
The Halal Guys offers take-out ordering.
Does The Halal Guys serve alcohol?
No, the restaurant does not serve alcohol.
Does The Halal Guys take reservations?
No.The Halal Guys does not take reservations.
Good evening, do you guys have any vegetarian dishes there?
The Halal Guys have vegetarian friendly options.
Hi, do you have any vegan options on your menu?
Yes, The Halal Guys has vegan options.
How loud is the noise level at The Halal Guys?
Average noise levels.
Is The Halal Guys a good place for groups?
The Halal Guys is good for groups.
Is bike parking available?
Yes they have bike parking here, probably in the form of a rack.
Is cryptocurrency taken at The Halal Guys?
cryptocurrency is not accepted.
Is there a TV available at your restaurant?
The Halal Guys do not have TV available.
Is there a delivery serice?
The Halal Guys offers delivery service.
Is there parking at The Halal Guys?
Parking Garage and street parking are available at The Halal Guys.
Is your place of business wheelchair friendly?
The Halal Guys is wheelchair accessible.
What are the payment options at The Halal Guys?
The payment options at The Halal Guys are cash or credit.
What is the dress code?
Casal attire is the dress code.
What type of ambiance does The Halal Guys have?
The Halal Guys restaurant has ambience that can be considered casual.
Are children good at The Italian Homemade Company?
yes it is good for kids
Are reservations taken there?
The Italian Homemade Company does not take reservations
Can I get to-go at The Italian Homemade Company?
Yes, the Italian Homemade Company does offer take-out ordering.
Do you guys allow pets?
No, The Italian Homemade Company does not allow dogs.
Do you have TV?
No, they do not have TV.
Do you have wheelchair accessibility?
The Italian Homemade Company has wheelchair accessibility.
Do you offer bicycle parking?
Bike parking is available at The Italian Homemade Company.
Do you offer vegetarian food?
Vegetarian options are available.
Do you take Apple Pay?
Apple Pay is accepted by The Italian Homemade Company.
Does The Italian Homemade Company offer delivery service?
Delivery service is offered by The Italian Homemade Company.
Does The Italian Homemade Company serve alcohol?
The Italian Homemade Company does not serve alcohol.
Hi do you require a certain dress code?
Ambience of The Italian Homemade Company is Casual, Classy
How is the dress code?
The dress code at The Italian Homemade Company is casual.
Is Google Pay accepted?
The Italian Homemade Company accepts Google Pay.
Is The Italian Homemade Company good for groups?
The Italian Homemade Company is not good for groups.
Is WiFi available at The Italian Homemade Company?
No, they do not have free WiFi.
Is there outdoor seating at The Italian Homemade Company?
Yes, they have outdoor seats.
What are the payment options at The Italian Homemade Company?
Credit Cards, Apple Pay and Google Pay are all accepted at The Italian Homemade Company.
What is the noise level at The Italian Homemade Company?
The Italian Homemade Company has average noise level.
What kind of happy hour is offered?
The Italian Homemade Company does not offer happy hour.
Where should I park?
Street parking is available for cars at The Italian Homemade Company.
Are take-out options offered at The Italian Homemade Company?
There is take out options.
Can I bring my dog to The Italian Homemade Company?
No, dogs are not allowed at this restaurant.
Can I make a reservation?
The Italian Homemade Company does not take reservations.
Can i sit outdoors?
No outdoor seatings.
Do yall have a dress code?
No, there is no specific dress code at The Italian Homemade Company.
Do you have drive thru?
The Italian Homemade Company does not have a drive thru.
Do you have vegan meals?
There are vegan options to order.
Do you serve alcohol?
The Italian Homemade Company serves beer and wine only.
Do you take Apple Pay?
The Italian Homemade Company accepts Apple Pay.
Does The Italian Homemade Company accept Google Pay?
Yes, Google Pay is accepted at The Italian Homemade Company.
Does The Italian Homemade Company offer delivery?
Yes, The Italian Homemade Company offers delivery.
Does The Italian Homemade Company offer parking?
No, parking is on the street.
Does the Italian Homemade Company offer vegetarian options?
The Italian Homemade Company has vegeterian friendly options.
Does the The Italian Homemade Company offer Bike Parking?
Bike parking is available at The Italian Homemade Company.
Does your estabkishment have half price drinks and discounted appetizers after work?
The Italian Homemade Company does not have happy hour.
Hi, do you guys have TV to watch while people eat?
No, they do not have TV.
How's the noise there?
Noise level at The Italian Homemade Company is Average.
Is the WiFi service free at The Italian Homemade Company?
Yes, WiFi is free at The Italian Homemade Company.
Is this a good place for groups?
Yes, the restaurant is good for groups.
Is this place wheelchair accessible?
Yes, The Italian Homemade Company is wheelchair accessible.
What kind of atmosphere do you have?
The Italian Homemade company offers a casual, classy atmosphere.
What payment options are accepted at The Italian Homemade Company?
Credit cards, Apple Pay, and Google Pay are accepted at The Italian Homemade Company.
Are there outdoor seats at The Italian Homemade Company?
No outdoor seating is available at The Italian Homemade Company.
Are there television playing in The Italian Homemade Company?
The Italian Homemade Company does not have TV.
Can I order take-out at The Italian Homemade Company?
Take-out order is offered at The Italian Homemade Company.
Can guests bring dogs at The Italian Homemade Company?
no dogs are not allowed
Do you guys take credit cards?
Credit cards are accepted.
Do you have mixed drinks at your restaurant?
The Italian Homemade Company serves beer & wine only.
Do you offer delivery?
Yes, The Italian Homemade Company offers delivery.
Do you take reservations?
The Italian Homemade Company does not accept reservations.
Does The Italian Homemade Company restaurant have happy hours?
The Italian Homemade Company restaurant does not have happy hours.
Does the Italian Homemade Company have casual attire?
The Italian Homemade Company is casual attire.
Is there parking at The Italian Homemade Company?
The Italian Homemade Company offers street parking.
Is your place family-friendly?
The Italian Homemade Company is good for kids.
What is the noise level like there?
The Italian Homemade Company has a noise level that is average.
What's the ambience like at The Italian Homemade Company?
Ambience of The Italian Homemade Company is casual.
Are dogs allowed at The Little Chihuahua?
No, The Little Chihuahua does not allow dogs.
Can food be ordered for delivery at The Little Chihuahua?
The Little Chihuahua does not offer delivery service.
Can you tell me if The Little Chihuahua has television?
No, they do not have TV.
Do you have a drive-thru window there?
Drive-thru option is not available to pick up order at The Little Chihuahua.
Does The Little Chihuahua accept Apple Pay?
apply pay is accepted.
Does The Little Chihuahua have Car Parking?
The Little Chihuahua has street parking.
Does The Little Chihuahua have vegan options?
The Little Chihuahua does have vegan options.
Does The Little Chihuahua offer take-out ordering?
Yes, The Little Chihuahua offers take-out ordering.
Does The Little Chihuahua serve alcohol?
The Little Chihuahua serves beer and wine.
Does The Little Chihuahua take reservations?
The Little Chihuahua does not take reservations.
Hi, can you describe the noise level there for me?
The noise level is average at The Little Chihuahua.
Is The Little Chihuahua good for kids?
The Little Chihuahua good is for kids.
Is there WiFi at The Little Chihuahua?
No, The Little Chihuahua does not offer WiFi.
Is there a specific dress code at The Little Chihuahua?
The Little Chihuahua does not have a dress code.
Is there outside seating?
The Little Chihuahua does not have outdoor seats.
Is your hotel good for groups?
The Little Chihuahua is good for groups.
What is offered at The Little Chihuahua?
The Little Chihuahua has a casual ambiance.
What kind of bike parking is offered?
The Little Chihuahua offers parking for bikes.
What kind of payments do you accept at The Little Chihuahua?
The restaurant accepts credit cards and Apple Pay.
Are kids good at The Melt - 455 Market?
The Melt - 455 Market is good for kids.
Can I bring my dog?
Dogs are not allowed at The Melt - 455 Market.
Can I make reservations at The Melt - 455 Market?
No, they do not take reservations.
Do they have take out?
Yes. The Melt - 455 Market offers take-out ordering.
Do you guys do any kind of happy hour specials?
The Melt - 455 Market does not offer happy hour.
Do you have t.v.?
No.The Melt - 455 Market have does not TV.
Does 455 offer free WiFi?
The Melt - 455 Market does offer free WiFi.
Does The Melt - 455 Market have a drive thru?
The Melt - 455 Market does not have a drive thru.
Does The Melt - 455 Market have vegeterian friendly options?
The Melt - 455 Market does not have vegetarian friendly options.
Does The Melt - 455 Market offer delivery service?
The Melt- 455 Market offers delivery service.
Does The Melt accept Apple Pay?
The Melt - 455 Market accepts Apple Pay.
Does The Melt-455 Market offer outdoor seating?
No, they do not have outdoor seats.
How's the noise at The Melt - 455 Market?
The Melt - 455 Market restaurant is considered to have an average noise level.
Is The Melt- 455 Market good for groups?
The Melt - 455 Market is good for groups.
What are the payment options there?
Payment options are available at The Melt - 455 Market are Accepts Credit Cards & Apple Pay.
What is your atmosphere and ambiance like?
The ambiance at The Melt - 455 Market is hipster, casual , and trendy.
Will there be alcohol available there?
The Melt - 455 Market does not serve alcohol.
Are dogs allowed at The Monk's Kettle?
No dogs are allowed at The Monk's Kettle.
Are there any vegan options on your menu?
The Monk's Kettle does have vegan friendly options.
Can I call in an order for take out?
Yes, they offer take-out ordering.
Can I get beer or wine there?
Yes, The Monk's Kettle serves beer and wine.
Can I park my bike at The Monk's Kettle?
Yes, there is bike parking at The Monk's Kettle.
Do you accept Cryptocurrency when booking?
No, they do not accept Cryptocurrency as payment method.
Do you deliver?
The Monk's Kettle offers delivery service.
Do you guys take Apple Pay?
The Monk's Kettle does not accept Apple Pay.
Do you take reservations?
No.The Monk's Kettle does not take reservations.
Does The Monk's Kettle have TV?
The Monk's Kettle has TV.
Does The Monk's Kettle have happy hour specials?.
Yes, The Monk's Kettle offers happy hour specials.
Hi, is there bike parking available there?
Yes, bike parking is available at The Monk's Kettle.
How's the noise at The Monk's Kettle?
The Monk's Kettle has loud noise level.
Is The Monk's Kettle good for groups?
The Monk's Kettle is not good for groups.
Is The Monk's Kettle wheelchair accessible?
Yes, The Monk's Kettle is wheelchair accessible.
Is WiFi available at The Monk's Kettle?
There is free wifi.
Is outdoor seating offered at The Monk's Kettle?
Yes, The Monk's Kettle has outdoor seating.
Is smoking allowed?
There is no smoking allowed at The Monk's Kettle.
Is your place family-friendly?
The Monk's Kettle is not good for kids.
What forms of payment do you accept?
The Monk's Kettle accepts credit cards but not Apple Pay or Google Pay
What is the ambience at The Monk' Kettle?
The ambiance at The Monk's Kettle is both hipster and classy.
Will I be able to pay using Google Pay?
The Monk's Kettle does not accept Google Pay.
Can I get beer or wine there?
The Pawn Shop serves beer and wine only.
Can I make a reservation?
The Pawn Shop does not take reservations.
Can I order delivery at The Pawn Shop?
The Pawn Shop does offer delivery  service.
Can I smoke inside The Pawn Shop?
The Pawn Shop does not allow smoking.
Do yo have a happy hour?
The Pawn Shop offers happy hour specials.
Do you allow dogs inside your establishment?
The Pawn Shop restaurant does not allow dogs.
Does The Pawn Shop have a TV for guests?
The Pawn Shop restaurant does not offer TV.
Does The Pawn Shop have gluten free options?
The Pawn Shop does not have gluten free options.
Does The Pawn Shop have vegan options?
The Pawn Shop offer vegan friendly options.
Does The Pawn Shop offer outdoor seating?
No, they do not have outdoor seats.
Is The Pawn Shop appropriate for children?
No, The Pawn Shop is not good for kids.
Is The Pawn Shop good for groups?
The Pawn Shop is good for groups.
Is it possible to get a wheelchair inside?
The Pawn Shop is wheelchair accessible.
Is take-out ordering available?
Yes, they offer take-out ordering.
Is there WiFi at The Pawn Shop?
The Pawn Shop has free WiFi.
Is there street parking available?
The Pawn Shop restaurant has street parking nearby.
Must I make an appointment?
The Pawn Shop is not by appointment only.
What is the dress code at The Pawn Shop?
The attire is casual at The Pawn Shop.
What is the pawn shop like?
Ambience of The Pawn Shop is classy.
What payment options are accepted?
The payment options available at The Pawn Shop include Credit Cards.
Are there seating for kids and babies?
The Progress has high chairs available for babies.
Do you accept credit cards at The Progress?
Payment options are available at The Progress are Credit Cards.
Do you take Google Pay?
google pay is not accepted.
Does  The Progress have outdoor seating?.
There is no outdoor seating.
Does The Progress accept Apple Pay?
No, they do not accept Apple Pay as payment method.
Does The Progress allow dogs?
Dogs are not permitted at The Progress.
Does The Progress have TV?
The Progress does not have TV.
Does The Progress offer happy hour?
The Progress does not offer happy hour.
Does The Progress offer take-out ordering?
No, they do not offer take-out ordering.
Does your establishment have bike parking?
yes there is bike parking at this location
Hey, do you guys serve alcohol there?
yes there is a full bar
Is The Progress group friendly?
The Progress is good for groups.
Is free WiFi available at The Progress?
No. The Progress does not offer free WiFi.
Is it possible to get food delivered from The Progress?
No, they do not offer delivery service.
Is it possible to make a reservation?
Yes, they take reservations.
Is smoking allowed?
No smoking is allowed at The Progress.
Is this a good spot for children?
The Progress restaurant is not good for kids.
What is the ambience of The Progress?
The ambience of The Progress is casual, classy, trendy.
What is the noise level at The Progress?
The noise level is average.
What kind of parking is there?
Street parking is available for cars at The Progress.
Can I get a beer there?
Yes, the restaurant serves alcohol and has a full bar.
Can I get half price drinks and appetizers after work?
Yes. The Ramp offers happy hour.
Can you accommodate a big group of people?
The Ramp is good for groups.
Do you guys offer delivery service?
The Ramp offers delivery service.
Do you have a tv there?
Yes.The Ramp have TV.
Do you have live music?
Yes.The Ramp offers live music.
Do you offer take out?
Yes, The Ramp offers takeout.
Do you take Apple Pay?
No, the restaurant does not accept Apple Pay.
Does The Ramp accept reservations?
The Ramp does not take reservations.
Does The Ramp have parking?
parking is street or private lot
Does The Ramp offer bicycle parking?
Yes, bike parking is available at The Ramp.
Does The Ramp offer vegan options?
Yes, this restaurant offers vegan friendly meals.
Hello, do you guys offer free WiFi there?
Yes, they offer free WiFi.
Howdy, can you tell me what the noise level is usually like at The Ramp?
The Ramp has average noise level.
I love to bring my poodle with me, are dogs allowed at your establishment?
Dogs are allowed at The Ramp.
Is The Ramp kid friendly?
Yes, the restaurant is good for kids.
Is cryptocurrency accepted at The Ramp?
The Ramp does not accept Cryptocurrency.
Is outdoor seating available?
There is outdoor seating.
What forms of payment do you accept?
credit cards and cash are accepted as payments
What is the ambience of The Ramp?
The restaurant has a casual, classy ambience.
Are dogs allowed there?
The Rotunda does not allow you to bring dogs.
Are groups good at The Rotunda?
Yes, The Rotunda is good for groups.
Can I place a take out order?
No, they do not offer delivery service.
Do you accept Apple Pay as a payment option?
Apple Pay is not accepted at The Rotunda restaurant.
Does The Rotunda have TV?
The Rotunda does not have a TV.
Does The Rotunda have wheelchair accessible?
The Rotunda is wheelchair accessible.
Does The Rotunda offer a happy hour?
Yes, The Rotunda offers a happy hour.
Does The Rotunda offer outdoor seating?
The Rotunda does not have outdoor seats.

Answer:
Does The Rotunda offer take-out ordering?
Yes, The Rotunda does offer take-out ordering.
Does The Rotunda offer vegan meal options?
The Rotunda offers vegan meal options.
Does The Rotunda take reservations?
Yes, the restaurant takes reservations.
Hey, can you tell me what the ambience there is?
the ambience is classy and upscale
Hi, do you guys have free WiFi for customers?
Yes. The Rotunda offer free WiFi.
Is bicycle parking available at The Rotunda?
The Rotunda doesn't have bike parking.
Is google pay offfered?
No, they do not accept Google Pay as payment method.
What is the noise level at The Rotunda?
The noise level is average at The Rotunda.
What payment methods are accepted at The Rotunda?
The payment options at the Rotunda are cash or credit.
Where do I park when I come?
Parking options at The Rotunda include garage parking, street parking, and parking in a private lot.
are you kid friendly
Yes. The Rotunda is good for kids.
do you have a full bar
The Rotunda has a full bar.
Am I allowed to smoke at The Snug?
Smoking is not allowed at The Snug.
Are dogs allowed?
The Snug restaurant does not allow dogs.
Are reservations taken?
The Snug restaurant does take reservations.
Are there TV's there?
Yes. The Snug have TV.
Are there vegan and vegetarian foods?
The Snug has vegan and vegetarian friendly options.
Can I park my bike at The Snug?
The Snug has bike parking.
Do you have vegan options?
There are vegan options.
Do you have wi-fi at your location?
Yes, they offer free WiFi.
Does The Snug accept Cryptocurrency?
The Snug does not accept Cryptocurrency.
Does The Snug accept the payment with Google Pay?
No, The Snug does not accept Google Pay.
Does The Snug offer live music?
The Snug doesn't offer live music.
Does The Snug restaurant have a dress code?
The Snug restaurant has a dress code that is casual attire.
Does the Snug have any outdoor seating available?
The Snug does not have any outdoor seating.
Good afternoon, are you guys a suitable dining experience for kids?
The Snug is not good for kids.
Hey, can you tell me if you guys accept take-out orders?
The Snug restaurant does offer take-out ordering.
How would you say the noise level is?
Noise level at The Snug is Average.
I want to bring my child with me, does The Snug have high chairs?
High chairs are available at The Snug.
Is The Snug good for groups?
The Snug is good for groups.
Is The Snug wheelchair accessible?
The Snug is wheelchair accessible.
Is delivery serviced offered at The Snug?
Yes. The Snug offers delivery service.
Is happy hour offered at The Snug?
The Snug does not offer happy hour.
What are the parking options for The Snug?
Parking is only Streets.
What is the ambience?
Ambience of The Snug is Casual, Trendy and Classy
What payments does The Snug accept?
credit cards are accepted.
do you accept apple pay
no they do not accept apple pay
do you serve alcohol
Yes. The Snug has a full bar.
Are high chairs available at The View Lounge?
The View Lounge restaurant have high chairs available for babies.
Are pets allowed?
No, The View Lounge doesn't allow dogs.
Can I park my bike at The View Lounge?
The View Lounge restaurant does not allow bike parking.
Can I self park at your restaurant?
yes and there is valet parking
Can I watch tv there?
No, The View Lounge does not have a TV.
Do I have to make an appointment?
The View Lounge is not by appointment only.
Do you accept Apple Pay?
No, The View Lounge does not accept Apple Pay.
Do you allow smoking at your location?
Smoking is not allowed at The View Lounge.
Does The View Lounge accept Cryptocurrency as Payment Option?.
The View Lounge does not accept Cryptocurrency.
Does The View Lounge accommodate groups?
Yes.The View Lounge  is good for groups.
Does The View Lounge have WiFi?
Yes, they offer free WiFi.
Does The View Lounge offer a full bar?
The View Lounge has a full bar.
Does The View Lounge offer delivery service?
Delivery service isn't available at The View Lounge.
Does The View Lounge offer happy hour?
The View Lounge offers happy hour.
Does The View Lounge offer outdoor seating?
There is no outdoor seating.
Does The View Lounge offer take-out services?
The View Lounge does not offer take-out ordering.
Does The View Lounge take reservations?
no they do not take reservations
Hey do you guys have access for wheelchairs?
The View Lounge is wheelchair accessible.
Hey, can you tell me what payment options you guys accept?
The View Lounge restaurant has payment options which include Credit Cards only.
I was wondering if you're kid friendly?
The View Lounge is not a good place for children.
What is your dress code?
Specific dress code at The View Lounge is Casual.
What's the ambiance like there?
the ambience is classy
What's the noise level at The View Lounge?
Average noise level at The View Lounge.
do you accept google pay
No, the restaurant does not accept Google Pay.
Are reservations required at Tilak?
Yes, they take reservations.
Can I park my bicycle at Tilak?
Yes, Tilak offers bike parking.
Can Tilak accommodate group parties?
Tilak is good for groups.
Can you tell me about the ambiance at this restaurant?
The ambience is casual.
Do they have high chairs there?
yes they have high chairs
Do you deliver?
Yes, they offer delivery service.
Does Tilak have TV?
Tilak does not have TV.
Does Tilak have gluten free options?
There are no gluten free options at Tilak
Does Tilak have wifi available?
No, the restaurant does not offer WiFi.
Does Tilak offer Apply Pay?
Tilak does offer Apply Pay.
Does Tilak offer vegan menu options?
Tilak offers vegan menu options.
Hey, do you guys have a happy hour going on?
Tilak does not offer happy hour.
I was wondering if I could bring my dog there.
No, the restaurant does not allow dogs.
Is Tilak good for kids?
Yes, Tilak is good for kids.
Is the place dine in only?
Tilak offers take-out ordering.
Is there any outdoor seating area at Tilak?
There is no outdoor seating at Tilak.
Is this restaurant wheelchair accessable?
The restaurant Tilak is wheelchair accessible.
What alcohol does Tilak serve?
They serve beer and wine only.
What is the noise level at Tilak?
Tilak has average noise level.
What parking does Tilak offer?
Tilak has street and bicycle parking.
What payment methods do Tilak accept?
Tilak accepts Credit Cards and Apple Pay.
Can I bring my kids?
The Tony's Pizza Napoletana restaurant is good for kids.
Can I bring my poodle?
No dogs are allowed at Tony's Pizza Napoletana.
Can I order take out from Tony's?
take out is offered.
Can I smoke?
Smoking is not allowed at Tony's Pizza Napoletana.
Can we dine outdoors at Tony's Pizza Napoletana?
Yes, they do have outdoor seating.
Do you have a TV there?
Yes, they have TV.
Do you have a vegetarian menu?
Tony's Pizza Napoletana has vegeterian friendly options.
Does Tony's Pizza Napoletana accept Google Pay?
Tony's Pizza Napoletana does not accept Google Pay.
Does Tony's Pizza Napoletana have high chairs?
yes they have high chairs available
Does Tony's Pizza Napoletana take reservations?
No, Tony's Pizza Napoletana does not take reservations.
Does this restaurant offer delivery service?
Yes, they offer delivery service.
Doesn't Tony's Pizza Napoletana take reservation appointments?
You do not need an appointment for Tony's Pizza Napoletana.
Hey do you guys have any vegan dishes there?
Tony's Pizza Napoletana has vegan friendly options.
Is Apple Pay accepted at Tony's Pizza Napoletana?
No, Tony's Pizza Napoletana does not accept Apple Pay.
Is Tony's Pizza Napoletana good for groups?
Tony's Pizza Napoletana is good for groups. They have plenty of booths and a cocktail bar.
Is Tony's Pizza Napoletana wheelchair accessible?
Tony's Pizza Napoletana is not wheelchair accessible.
Is there WiFi available here?
No, Tony's Pizza Napoletana doesn't provide free WiFi.
Is there a full bar there?
Full bar is served in this restaurant.
Is there a happy hour?
No, Tony's Pizza Napoletana doesn't offer happy hour.
Is there a place for me to leave my bike?
Yes. You park your bike at Tony's Pizza Napoletana.
Is there any parking at Tony's Pizza Napoletana?
There is valet parking and street parking available at Tony's Pizza Napoletana.
What is the atmosphere?
Tony's Pizza Napoletana has a casual, classy ambience.
What is the noise level like here?
The Tony's Pizza Napoletana has a noise level which is considered to be average.
What kinds of payment does Tony's Pizza Napoletana accept?
Tony's Pizza Napoletana accepts only credit card as primary payment.
What sort of dress code does Tony's Pizza Napoletana have?
not the attire is casual
Can I use Apple Pay at Tortellino?
The restaurant Tortellino accepts Apple Pay.
Can I watch TV at Tortellino?
Yes, they do have T.V.
Do you guys have access to wheelchairs?
Yes, Tortellino is wheelchair accessible.
Do you have a happy hour?
Yes there is happy hour.
Do you have a place to park my bike?
Yes. You can park your  bike at Tortellino.
Does Tortellino do take out?
Yes, they offer take-out ordering.
Does Tortellino have free WiFi?
Yes. Tortellino offer free WiFi.
Does Tortellino offer delivery service?
Tortellino offers delivery service.
Does Tortellino offer live music?
There is no live music at Tortellino
Does Tortellino offer outdoor seats?
Yes, they have outdoor seats.
Does Tortellino serve alcohol?
Tortellino serves beer and wine only.
What is the ambience like?
Classy is the ambience of Tortellino.
What parking does Tortellino have?
Tortellino has garage parking.
What payments does Tortellino accept?
Tortellino accepts all Credit cards & Apple Pay
Are dogs allowed at Troya?
Dogs are not allowed at Troya.
Are reservations required at Troya?
Yes, Troya takes reservations.
Are the products you offer good for kids?
yes its good for kids
Can I come in a wheelchair?
Troya is wheelchair accessible.
Can you tell me if Troya has high chairs for babies?
Troya has high chairs available for babies.
Do you have delivery?
Troya does offer delivery service.
Do you have outdoor seating for guests?
Troya does not have any outdoor seating.
Do you have take out?
Troya offers take-out ordering.
Do you offer a variety of vegan meal options?
yes they have vegan options
Does Troya have TV?
Yes, Troya has television.
Does Troya have free wifi?
Yes, they offer free WiFi.
Does Troya offer happy hour?
No, Troya does not offer happy hour.
Hey, is bike parking available at Troya?
Troya has bike parking.
Is Apple Pay accepted there?
No, Troya doesn't accept Apple Pay.
Is the Troya good for the groups?
Yes, Troya is good for groups.
What is the noise level like at Troya?
Noise level is average at Troya.
What kind of offerings are there?
Troya serves beer and wine only.
What kind of parking is available at Troya?
Troya has street parking.
What payment options are there?
The restaurant accepts credit cards.
What's the ambiance of Troya?
The ambiance of Troya is trendy and classy.
do you accept bit coin
No, they do not accept Cryptocurrency as payment method.
Can I park my car at True Laurel?
Street parking is available at True Laurel.
Can you tell me if True Laurel accepts credit cards?
The restaurant accepts Credit Cards.
Do I need a reservation?
No, they do not take reservations.
Do you guys have TV?
No, they do not have TV.
Do you guys have gratis wifi?
No, True Laurel does not offer free WiFi.
Do you take credit cards?
Truly Mediterranean accepts credit cards.
Does True Laurel offer delivery service?
The restaurant does not offer delivery service.
Does True Laurel serve alcohol?
Yes, the restaurant serves alcohol and has a full bar.
Is bike parking available?
True Laurel has bike parking.
Is it a good place for groups?
True Laurel is good for groups.
Is take-out available there?
The True Laurel restaurant offers take out service.
Is there a happy hour at True Laurel?
Yes, True Laurel offers happy hour.
Is there outdoor seating for guests?
True Laurel does not have outdoor seats.
Is this a good place for kids?
No, the restaurant is not good for kids.
What is the ambience of True Laurel?
The ambience of True Laurel is casual and classy.
What is the noise level inside True Laurel?
The noise level at the restaurant is average.
Can I bring my dog to Truly Mediterranean?
No, dogs are not allowed at Truly Mediterranean.
Can you tell me if there is a place to leave my bike at Truly Mediterranean?
Yes you can park your bike at Truly Mediterranean.
Do you guys do takeout?
Yes, Truly Mediterranean offers takeout.
Do you guys have gratis wifi?
No, the restaurant does not offer WiFi.
Do you serve beer?
Truly Mediterranean does not serve alcohol.
Do you take reservations?
Truly Mediterranean does not take reservations.
Does Truly Mediterranean accept Apple Pay as payment?
Truly Mediterranean does not accept Apple Pay.
Does Truly Mediterranean accept Apple Pay?
Truly Mediterranean does not accept Apple Pay.
Does Truly Mediterranean have TV?
No, Truly Mediterranean doesn't have TV.
Does Truly Mediterranean have outdoor seats?
Yes, they have outdoor seats.
Does Truly Mediterranean offer any vegan options?
Truly Mediterranean has vegan friendly options.
Does Truly Mediterranean offer happy hour?
No, Truly Mediterranean doesn't offer happy hour.
Is delivery available at Truly Mediterranean?
Yes, they offer delivery service.
Is it a good place for groups of people?
No, Truly Mediterranean is not good for groups.
Is your dinner service kid-friendly?
no it is not good for kids
What do you offer?
The ambiance at Truly Mediterranean is classy.
What is the dress code at Truly Mediterranean?
The dress code at Truly Mediterranean is casual.
What is the noise level inside Truly Mediterranean?
Truly Mediterranean has average noise level.
do you have parking
Street parking is available at Truly Mediterranean.
Can I bring my dog to Tselogs?
Dogs are not allowed at Tselogs.
Can you accommodate a group of about eight people or more?
Tselogs is not a good place for groups.
Do you accept Google pay?
Tselogs does accept Google Pay.
Do you have free wifi?
No, they do not offer free WiFi.
Do you take reservations?
Tselogs does not take reservations
Does Tselogs accept Apple Pay?
Yes, Tselogs accepts Apple Pay.
Does Tselogs have TVs at their establishment?
No, they do not have TV.
Does Tselogs have high chairs available?
yes they have high chairs
Does Tselogs have take-out ordering?
Yes, they offer take-out ordering.
Does Tselogs offer alcohol?
Tselogs does not serve any alcohol.
Does Tselogs offer delivery?
No, the restaurant does not offer delivery service.
Is Apple Pay okay?
Tselogs accepts Google Pay, Apple Pay, and credit cards.
Is Tselogs kid-friendly?
Tselogs is good for kids.
Is bicycle parking available at Tselogs?
Tselogs has bike parking.
What is the noise like there?
Average noise level at Tselogs.
What sort of atmosphere is at Tselogs?
Ambience is noted to be Casual and Classy
Where do you park at Tselogs?
Tselogs has street parking.
Would I be able to sit outside at your facility?
No, they do not have outdoor seats.
Yes, hello, does Tselogs offer happy hour?
Tselogs does not offer happy hour.
Do you guys have TV here?
Tselogs has TV.
Is there room for a larger group at Tselogs?
Yes, Tselogs is good for groups.
Are they showing sports on the television set?
No, they do not have TV.
Can I bring my large group to your restaurant?
Tuba Authentic Turkish Restaurant is good for groups.
Can I use Google Pay at Tuba Authentic Turkish Restaurant?
No, the restaurant does not accept Google Pay.
Can you accommodate bike parking?
Yes, bike parking is available at Tuba Authentic Turkish Restaurant.
Do you guys accept credit card payments?
Tuba Authentic Turkish Restaurant accepts credit cards.
Do you guys serve alcohol?
Yes, the restaurant serves beer and wine only.
Do you have any outdoor seating available?
Yes, they have outdoor seats.
Do you have any vegan options on the menu?
Vegan options are available at Tuba Authentic Turkish Restaurant.
Does Tuba Authentic Turkish Restaurant have a happy hour?
Tuba Authentic Turkish Restaurant does not offer happy hour.
Does Tuba Authentic Turkish Restaurant have vegetarian food?
Tuba Authentic Turkish Restaurant has vegetarian options available
Does Tuba Authentic Turkish Restaurant offer delivery service?
Yes, they offer delivery service.
Does Tuba Authentic Turkish Restaurant take reservations?
They do take reservations.
Does the Tuba Authentic Turkish Restaurant accept Apple Pay?
No, they do not accept Apple Pay.
Does the Tuba Authentic Turkish Restaurant offer Free Wifi?
Yes, they offer free WiFi.
Is cryptocurrency accepted?
No, Tuba Authentic Turkish Restaurant doesn't accept cryptocurrency.
Is your restaurant kid friendly?
Yes, Tuba Authentic Turkish Restaurant is kid-friendly.
What kind of parking is available?
Street parking is available at Tuba Authentic Turkish Restaurant.
What kind of take out is there?
Yes, the restaurant offers take-out.
Whats your noise level like?
The noise level at Tuba Authentic Turkish Restaurant is average.
Will you describe the general ambience of the restaurant, please?
The ambiance of Tuba Authentic Turkish Restaurant is casual but classy.
Are reservations taken?
Turner's Kitchen does not take reservations.
Do you offer free WiFi?
No, Turner's Kitchen doesn't have free WiFi.
Does Turner's Kitchen have Apple Pay as one of its payment methods?
No, Turner's Kitchen doesn't accept Apple Pay.
Does Turner's Kitchen have a TV?
Turner's Kitchen does not have TV.
Does Turner's Kitchen have gluten free options?
Turner's Kitchen does not have gluten free menu items.
Does Turner's Kitchen have outdoor seats?
Yes, they have outdoor seats.
Does Turner's Kitchen have vegan options?
Yes.Turner's Kitchen offers vegan friendly options.
Does Turner's Kitchen offer take-out ordering?
Yes, they offer take-out ordering.
Does Turner's Kitchen serve alcohol?
Turner's Kitchen does not serve alcohol.
Does the Turner's Kitchen offer Bike Parking?
Yes, Turner's Kitchen offers bike parking.
Hey, do you guys accept Visa or Mastercard there?
The restaurant accepts credit cards.
Hi, do you offer delivery?
Turner's Kitchen doesn't offer delivery service to customers.
Is Turner's Kitchen appropriate for kids?
Turner's Kitchen is appropriate for kids.
Is Turner's Kitchen good for groups?
No, Turner's Kitchen is not recommended for groups.
Is there parking on the street there?
Street parking is available at Turner's Kitchen.
What is the atmosphere there like?
Casual, classy is the ambience of Turner's Kitchen.
What is the noise level like there?
Turner's Kitchen has average noise level.
can I access your establishment with the wheelchair?
Yes, Turner's Kitchen is wheelchair accessible.
Can I park my bike at Um Ma Son?
Yes, Um Ma Son offers bike parking.
Can my dog eat with me at the table at Um Ma Son?
No, the restaurant does not allow dogs.
Do you deliver?
No, they do not offer delivery service.
Do you have WiFi?
WiFi isn't available at Um Ma Son.
Do you offer take-out?
Yes, they offer take-out ordering.
Does Um Ma Son accept Apple Pay?
No, they do not accept Apple Pay.
Does Um Ma Son accept Credit Cards?
The restaurant accepts Credit Cards.
Does Um Ma Son have outdoor seating available?
No, Um Ma Son doesn't offer outdoor seating.
Does Um Ma Son have reservations?
Um Ma Son takes reservations.
Does the Um Ma Son is good for groups?.
Yes, the restaurant is good for groups.
Is Um Ma Son noisy, or is is easy to have a conversation?
Noise level is average at Um Ma Son.
Is parking available at Um Ma Son?
Street parking is available at Um Ma Son.
Is there a TV at Um Ma Son?
Yes, Um Ma Son has television available.
Is your restaurant family-friendly?
Yes, the restaurant is good for kids.
What is the ambience like?
The restaurant has a casual ambience.
What payment options are there?
Um Ma Son accepts credit cards.
Are there any vegan friendly options available at Umami Burger Soma District?
Umami Burger Soma District has vegan friendly options
Can I bring my dog to Umami Burger Soma District?
No, the restaurant does not allow dogs.
Can I get alcohol at Umami Burger Soma District?
Yes, the restaurant serves beer and wine only.
Can I go thru the drive-thru at Umami Burger Soma District?
No, the restaurant does not offer drive thru pick up.
Can I make reservations for Umami Burger Soma District?
No, Umami Burger Soma District does not take reservations.
Do you guys accept credit cards?
Umami Burger Soma District accepts credit cards.
Do you have specials during happy hour?
There are happy hour specials.
Do you take Apple Pay?
No, the restaurant does not accept Apple Pay.
Does Umami Burger Soma District have high chairs available for babies?
Yes, the restaurant has high chairs available.
Does Umami Burger Soma District offer delivery?
Yes, Umami Burger Soma District offers delivery service.
Does Umami Burger Soma District offer takeout?
Yes, Umami Burger Soma District offers takeout.
Does the Umami Burger Soma District have TV?
Yes, they have TV.
Is Google Pay an accepted payment method?
The restaurant does not accept Google Pay.
Is Umami Burger Soma District a good place for children?
Yes, the restaurant is good for kids.
Is Umami Burger Soma District good for groups?
Umami Burger Soma District is good for groups.
Is there WiFi at Umami Burger Soma District?
Yes, Umami Burger Soma District offers free WiFi.
Is there a designated area for parking at your place?
There is bike parking.
Is there outdoor seating available at Umami Burger Soma District?
Umami Burger Soma District has outdoor seats.
Is there parking available at Umami Burger Soma District?
Street parking is available at the restaurant.
What is the noise level at Umami Burger Soma District?
The noise level at Umami Burger Soma District is average.
What's the mood of the restaurant?
The restaurant has a casual, classy ambience.
Are reservations available at Uncle Boy's?
No, they do not take reservations.
Can I use Cryptocurrency at Uncle Boy's?
Uncle Boy's does not accept Cryptocurrency.
Can you describe Uncle Boy's general ambience, please?
The ambiance of Uncle Boy's is casual but classy.
Do you allow for drive-thru options?
No, Uncle Boy's does not offer drive-thru pickup.
Do you have bike parking?
Uncle Boy's does not have bike parking.
Does Uncle Boy's allow dogs?
No, the restaurant does not allow dogs.
Does Uncle Boy's deliver?
Yes, the restaurant offers delivery service.
Does Uncle Boy's have outdoor seating?
No, the restaurant does not have outdoor seating.
Does Uncle boys take apple pay or credit cards?
Uncle Boy's accepts credit cards and Apple Pay.
Does the Uncle Boy's have TV?
Yes, they have TV.
Does the Uncle Boy's offer take-out ordering?
Uncle Boy's offers take-out ordering.
How loud is it over there during peak hours?
The noise level at Uncle Boy's is average.
Is parking available at Uncle Boy's?
Street parking is available at the restaurant.
Is there alcohol there?
No, the restaurant does not serve alcohol.
Is this place good for kids?
Uncle Boy's is good for kids.
Would you be able to accommodate a large group at Uncle Boy's?
No, Uncle Boy's is not good for groups.
do they accept apple pay?
Yes, they accept Apple Pay.
do you offer free wi fi
No, Uncle Boy's does not offer free WiFi.
Are dogs allowed at Underdogs Too?
Underdogs Too does not allow dogs.
Are there highchairs available at Underdogs Too?
Underdogs Too has high chairs available for babies.
Are there wifi capabilities?
Underdogs Too does offer free WiFi service.
Can I order takeout at Underdogs Too?
Underdogs Too offers takeout ordering
Do they offer happy hour specials?
Yes, Underdogs Too offers happy hour specials.
Do you accept Apple Pay?
No, Apple Pay is not accepted at Underdogs Too.
Do you allow dogs?
Underdogs Too does not accept reservations.
Do you have outdoor seating?
Underdogs Too has outdoor seats.
Do you take credit cards or do I need to bring cash?
Underdogs Too accepts all credit cards.
Does Underdogs Too have a TV?
yes there is tv
Does Underdogs Too have any vegetarian or vegan options?
Yes, the restaurant has vegan friendly options.
Does Underdogs Too have gluten free options?
The Underdogs Too menu doesn't have any gluten free dishes.
Does the Underdogs Too have Delivery options?
Underdogs Too does offer delivery service.
Is Underdogs Too a good place to bring children?
Underdogs Too is a good place for children.
Is Underdogs Too good for groups?
Underdogs Too is perfect for group like customers.
Is Underdogs Too wheelchair accessible?
Underdogs Too is wheelchair accessible.
Is smoking allowed at Underdogs Too?
Smoking is allowed in the Outdoor Area / Patio Only.
Is there alcohol available?
Yes, the restaurant serves alcohol and has a full bar.
Is there parking for bikes at UnderdogsToo?
parking for bikes provided
What is the ambience at underdogs Too?
The restaurant has a casual, trendy ambience.
What is the noise level like here?
Average noise level at Underdogs Too.
What parking is available at Underdogs Too?
Street parking is available at the restaurant.
What type of things are at Underdogs Too?
there is no drive thru
Do you accept Google Pay?
No, they do not accept Google Pay as payment method.
Do you accept credit cards?
The restaurant accepts credit cards.
Do you deliver?
No, they don't offer delivery service.
Do you guys offer drive-thru pickup?
No, Uno Dos Tacos doesn't offer drive-thru pickup.
Do you serve alcohol at this restaurant?
Uno Dos Tacos has a full bar and serves alcohol
Does Uno Dos Tacos accept Apple Pay?
No, they do not accept Apple Pay as payment method.
Does Uno Dos Tacos accept Cryptocurrency?
No, they do not accept Cryptocurrency.
Does Uno Dos Tacos have TV available?
Uno Dos Tacos does not have TV available
Does Uno Dos Tacos offer vegan options?
Yes, Uno Dos Tacos offers vegan options.
Does Uno Dos Tacos take reservations?
No, the restaurant does not take reservations.
Does the Uno Dos Tacos offer take-out ordering?
Yes, Uno Dos Tacos offers takeout.
Is Uno Dos Tacos good for groups?
Yes, Uno Dos Tacos is good for groups.
Is Uno Dos Tacos wheelchair accessible?
Yes, Uno Dos Tacos is wheelchair accessible.
Is bike parking available at Uno Dos Tacos?
yes there is bike parking
Is there a happy hour at Uno Dos Tacos?
yes there is a happy hour
Is there free wifi at Uno Dos Tacos?
Yes, Uno Dos Tacos offers free WiFi.
Is there outdoor seating at Uno Dos Tacos?
Uno Dos Tacos has outdoor seats.
Is this a kid friendly restaurant?
Yes, Uno Dos Tacos is kid-friendly.
What is the ambience like here.
The ambience of Uno Dos Tacos is casual and classy.
What is the noise level like inside your restaurant?
The noise level at Uno Dos Tacos is average.
What payments are accepted?
The restaurant accepts Credit Cards.
Can I pick up my order from Ushio Ramen through the drive thru?
Pick up through the drive thru is not available at Ushio Ramen.
Do you accept reservations?
Yes, the restaurant does take reservations.
Do you deliver?
Yes, Ushio Ramen offers delivery service.
Do you offer happy-hour?
Ushio Ramen offers happy hour special at their site.
Do you take crytocurrency?
No, they do not accept Cryptocurrency.
Does Ushio Ramen have a TV?
Yes, Ushio Ramen has TV.
Does Ushio Ramen offer take-out ordering?
Yes, Ushio Ramen offers take-out ordering.
Does your facility cater to groups?
Yes, Ushio Ramen is good for groups.
Hello, what payment options do you accept?
Ushio Ramen accepts credit cards and cash as forms of payment.
Is outdoor seating available at this location?
No, the restaurant does not have outdoor seating.
Is there a place to park my bike?
Yes, bike parking is available at Ushio Ramen.
Is there free wifi there?
No, Ushio Ramen doesn't offer free WiFi.
Is this place kid friendly?
Yes, Ushio Ramen is kid-friendly.
What is the ambience at Ushio Ramen?
The ambiance at Ushio Ramen is both casual and trendy.
What kind of alcohol is served?
Ushio Ramen serves beer and wine.
are there vegan options?
Ushio Ramen has vegan friendly options.
Can I order delivery from Warakubune Sushi?
No, Warakubune Sushi doesn't offer delivery.
Do you guys have a happy hour?
No, Warakubune Sushi does not offer happy hour.
Do you have a TV there?
Yes, they have TV.
Do you offer reservations?
No, they do not take reservations.
Does  Warakubune Sushi offer take-out ordering?
Yes, they offer take-out ordering.
Does Warakubune Sushi allow dogs?
No, Warakubune Sushi doesn't allow dogs.
Does Warakubune Sushi have bike parking?
Warakubune Sushi has bike parking.
Does Warakubune Sushi have outdoor seating?
No, Warakubune Sushi does not offer outdoor seating.
How is the ambience of Warakubune Sushi?
The ambience of Warakubune Sushi is casual.
How noisy is Warakubune Sushi?
Noise level is average at Warakubune Sushi.
Is Warakubune Sushi good for groups?
No, Warakubune Sushi isn't good for groups.
Is Warakubune Sushi good for kids?
Warakubune Sushi is good for kids.
Is there beer and wine there?
They serve beer and wine.
What payment options are at Warakubune Sushi?
Warakubune Sushi accepts credit cards.
do you have wi fi
No. Warakubune Sushi does not offer free WiFi.
what type of parking is available at Warakubune Sushi?
Yes, the street parking is available.
Do you accept credit cards for payment?
The restaurant accepts Credit Cards.
Do you allow dogs?
No, dogs are not allowed.
Do you have a bike stand?
Yes, Waterfront Restaurant has bike parking.
Does Waterfront Restaurant accept Apple Pay?
They do not accept Apple Pay at Waterfront Restaurant.
Does Waterfront Restaurant accept Google Pay?
No, they do not accept Google Pay.
Does Waterfront Restaurant have a full bar?
Waterfront Restaurant offers a full bar.
Does Waterfront Restaurant have television?
Yes, Waterfront Restaurant has TV.
Does Waterfront Restaurant offer delivery ?
Yes, the restaurant offers delivery service.
Does Waterfront Restaurant offer free WiFi?
Waterfront Restaurant offers free WiFi.
Does Waterfront Restaurant take reservations?
Waterfront Restaurant takes reservations.
Does your establishment offer take out ordering?
Yes, the restaurant offers take out ordering.
Dors Waterfront Restaurant have happy hour?
Yes, Waterfront Restaurant offers happy hour.
Is Waterfront Restaurant good for kids?
Yes, the restaurant is good for kids.
Is the restaurant good for groups of people?
Yes, Waterfront Restaurant is good for groups.
Is there outdoor seating available?
Outdoor seating is available at Waterfront Restaurant.
Is valet offered?
They offer valet.
What kind of ambiance do you offer?
Waterfront Restaurant has a classy ambiance.
What payment methods can I use at Waterfront Restaurant?
The restaurant accepts credit cards.
Are reservations taken at What The Cluck?
No, they do not take reservations.
Can I bring my dog to What The Cluck?
What The Cluck does not allow dogs.
Can I order takeout at What The Cluck?
Take out is offered at What The Chuck.
Can I pay with cryptocurrency at What the Cluck?
No, the restaurant does not accept cryptocurrency.
Do you have parking there?
Street parking is available at the restaurant.
Do you have wireless internet?
What The Cluck does not offer free WiFi.
Does What The Cluck accept Apple Pay?
Yes, the restaurants accepts Apple Pay.
Does What The Cluck accept Google Pay?
Yes, they accept Google Pay.
Does What The Cluck have TVs?
No, the restaurant does not have TV.
Does What The Cluck offer alcohol?
What The Cluck does not serve alcohol.
Hey do you guys have any options for take-out?
Yes. What The Cluck offers take-out ordering.
Hey do you guys have outdoor seating options there?
No, What The Cluck doesn't offer outdoor seating.
Hi, is your establishment wheelchair accessible?
Yes, What The Cluck is wheelchair accessible.
How is the ambiance at What The Chuck?
the ambiance at What The Cluck includes Hipster, Casual, Trendy, Classy
Is What The Cluck good for happy hour?
What The Cluck does not offer happy hour.
Is it noisy at What The Cluck?
The noise level at What The Chuck is average.
Is this place kid friendly?
Yes, What The Cluck is kid-friendly.
Is your establishment recommended for groups?
No, What The Cluck is not recommended for groups.
What are the payment options at What The Cluck?
What The Cluck accepts credit cards, Google Pay and Apple Pay as payment options.
Will I be able to park my bike there?
What The Cluck has bike parking.
Are there specials for happy hour?
Woodhouse Fish offers happy hour specials.
Can I bring my dog?
No, dogs are not allowed at Woodhouse Fish.
Can I pay with Google Pay at Woodhouse Fish?
Google Pay is not accepted at Woodhouse Fish.
Do you guys take credit cards?
The restaurant accepts credit cards.
Do you have parking available for bicycles?
Yes, bike parking is available at Woodhouse Fish.
Do you offer alcohol?
Alcohol is limited to beer and wine only at Woodhouse Fish.
Does Woodhouse Fish have free WiFi?
No, they do not offer free WiFi.
Does Woodhouse Fish have outdoor seating?
Woodhouse Fish does not have outdoor seating
Does Woodhouse Fish offer a delivery service?
No, they do not offer delivery service.
Does Woodhouse Fish offer takeout service?
Yes, the restaurant offers take-out ordering.
Does Woodhouse Fish take reservations?
Woodhouse Fish does not take reservations.
Does the Woodhouse Fish is good for Kids?.
Yes, Woodhouse Fish is kid-friendly.
Does your restaurant have a TV available?
Yes, Woodhouse Fish has TV.
How noisy is Woodhouse Fish?
The Woodhouse Fish has an average level of noise.
Is Apple Pay an acceptable payment method?
Woodhouse Fish does not accept Apple Pay.
Is Woodhouse Fish good for groups?
No, Woodhouse Fish is not recommended for groups.
Is Woodhouse Fish wheelchair accessible?
Yes, Woodhouse Fish is wheelchair accessible.
Is there parking available for cars at Woodhouse Fish?
You can park your car on the street or in a private lot at Woodhouse Fish.
What is the ambience at Woodhouse Fish?
The restaurant has a casual, classy ambience.
Can you tell me about the ambiance at your restaurant?
The restaurant has a casual, classy ambience.
Do you accept credit cards at this restaurant?
Payment options at YH-Beijing include credit cards.
Do you offer outdoor seating?
No, the restaurant does not have outdoor seating.
Does YH-Beijing have street parking?
There is street parking at YH-Beijing.
Does YH-Beijing have wheelchair accessible?
YH-Beijing is wheelchair accessible.
Does YH-Beijing offer take-out ordering?
YH-Beijing offers take-out ordering.
Does the YH-Beijing good for Groups?
YH-Beijing is good for groups.
Is it possible to make reservations?
Yes, they take reservations.
Is there vegan options at YH-Beijing?
Yes, the restaurant has vegan friendly options.
What alcohol does YH-Beijing serve?
YH-Beijing serves beer and wine.
What is the noise level at YH-Beijing?
The noise level at the restaurant is average.
do you have a delivery service
YH-Beijing offers delivery service.
Are there any vegan options on Zazie's menu?
Yes, the restaurant has vegan friendly options.
Do you offer free WiFi at your location?
Zazie does not offer free WiFi.
Do you take reservations?
Yes, Zazie accepts reservations.
Does Zazie accept Google Pay?
No, the restaurant does not accept Google Pay.
Does Zazie have a TV?
Yes, they have TV.
Does Zazie offer happy hour?
Zazie does not offer happy hour.
Does Zazie offer outdoor seating?
Zazie has outdoor seats.
Does Zazie offer take-out ordering?
Yes, the restaurant offers take-out ordering.
Hey, are dogs allowed on the premises there at Zazie?
yes dogs are allowed
How would you describe the noise level?
Average noise level at Zazie.
Is Apple Pay okay?
No, the restaurant does not accept Apple Pay.
Is Zazie a good place for kids?
Yes, Zazie is good for kids.
Is Zazie good for groups?
Yes, the restaurant is good for groups.
Is there any alochol served?
Zazie serves beer & wine only.
Is there parking available at Zazie?
Parking is available at Street and Private lot for Zazie's customers.
What is the ambiance at Zazie?
Zazie's ambiance is casual but classy.
What kind of dress code do you have?
Zazie's dress code is casual.
What payments are accepted there?
Zazie accepts payment via credit cards only
do you have children high chairs
Yes, the restaurant has high chairs available.
do you have delivery service
No, the restaurant does not offer delivery service.
Are pets allowed?
Dogs are not allowed at Zen Yai Thai Restaurant.
Do you guys have vegan options?
The Zen Yai Thai Restaurant does offer vegan options.
Do you offer take out?
Yes, they offer take-out ordering.
Do you take credit cards?
Zen Yai Thai Restaurant accepts credit cards.
Does Zen Yai Restaurant serve alcohol?
Yes, they serve beer and wine only.
Does Zen Yai Thai Restaurant accept Apple pay?
No, Apple Pay is not accepted at Zen Yai Thai Restaurant.
Does Zen Yai Thai Restaurant have TV?
Zen Yai Thai Restaurant does have TV.
Does Zen Yai Thai Restaurant have any outdoor seating?
No, they do not have outdoor seats.
Does Zen Yai Thai Restaurant have happy hour?
no they do not have happy hour
Does Zen Yai Thai Restaurant offer vegeterian friendly options?
Zen Yai Thai Restaurant offer vegeterian friendly options.
Does Zen Yai Thai Restaurant take reservations?
Yes, they take reservations.
Does the Zen Yai Thai Restaurant offer Free Wifi?
WiFi service is not offered at Zen Yai Thai Restaurant.
Does this restaurant offer delivery?
This restaurant does indeed offer delivery.
Hey, is there a place to park my bike there?
Yes, bike parking is available at Zen Yai Thai Restaurant.
Is Google Pay accepted there?
They do not offer google pay.
Is Zen Yai Thai Restaurant good for group?
Yes, Zen Yai Thai Restaurant is good for groups.
Is Zen Yai Thai Restaurant wheelchair accessible?
Yes, Zen Yai Thai Restaurant is wheelchair accessible.
What is the noise level Zen Yai Thai Restaurant?
Average noise level at Zen Yai Thai Restaurant.
What kind of environment does your restaurant have?
The ambience of Zen Yai Thai Restaurant is casual and classy.
What parking options are available at Zen Yai Thai Restaurant?
Zen Yai Thai Restaurant has street parking.
are you kid friendly
Yes, Zen Yai Thai Restaurant is kid-friendly.
Are credit cards accepted?
Zuni Cafe accepts credit cards.
Are dogs allowed at Zuni Cafe?
They do not allow dogs at Zuni Cafe.
Are groups good there?
Zuni Cafe is good for groups.
Can I make reservations at Zuni Cafe?
You can call for reservations.
Can I park my car at Zuni Cafe?
Parking is available at Zuni Cafe in their lot or on the street
Can I pay at Zuni Cafe with Apple Pay?
No, they do not accept Apple Pay as payment method.
Do you have a dress code?
Casual attire is the dress code at Zuni Cafe.
Do you have any happy hour specials?
Yes, the restaurant offers happy hour.
Do you have any vegan items on your menu?
Zuni Cafe has vegan friendly options.
Do you have delivery service there?
Zuni Cafe does not offer delivery service.
Do you have outdoor seating?
Yes, outdoor seating is available at Zuni Cafe.
Does Zuni Cafe offer free WiFi?
Zuni Cafe does not offer free WiFi.
Does Zuni Cafe offer take out ordering?
No, they do not offer take-out ordering.
Hey, is there a TV there for customers to watch?
Yes, they have TV.
Is Zuni Cafe fancy?
Zuni Cafe's ambiance is classy.
Is bike parking available?
Yes, bike parking is available.
Is there a full bar at Zuni Cafe?
Zuni Cafe offers full bar.
Is this place good for kids?
Zuni Cafe is good for kids.
What is the noise level at Zuni Cafe?
The noise level at Zuni Cafe is average.
How will I receive my booking confirmation?
Booking confirmations will be sent via text messages shortly.
What is the cancellation policy?
You are able to cancel for free up to 24 hours in advance, we will charge 10 GBP after the cancellation time frame.
Can I make changes to my booking later?
When the cancellation period (up to 24 hours in advance) is over, only minor changes can be made to booking arrangments, which includes pick-up and drop-off points, passenger details, and pickup time.
What types of payments do you accept?
We take cash, Visa, Master Card and major debit cards.
What charges are included in the rates?
The taxes, fees, and toll charges are included in the price. Tipping is not required, but common with about 10% of the fare.
Do you offer any discounts for children?
If a child is under 5, they get in for free. If they are 5 to 16 years old, they get a 50% discount.
Is there a senior discount available?
There is a 10% discount available for seniors over 65 years of age.
Can I reserve a seat on the train?
No, we do not offer seat reservation.
What is the refund policy for the tickets?
A full refund with no fee is available for a delayed or cancelled train, otherwise there is a fee of 12 GBP.
Can I use my season ticket to get on the train?
You can use your season ticket for all the trains with no additional fees. But you need to visit the ticket office in your station to pick up a physical ticket for your ride.
Can I change my ticket after purchase?
No, you have to apply for a refund and purchase another ticket.
What form of payment do you accept for the purchase of tickets?
Major debit and credit cards including Visa, Master Card, and American Express, also eVoucher, PayPal, and Visa CheckOut will be accepted at ticket machines. If you want to pay with cash, please visit the ticket office in your station.
Where can I pick up my ticket?
You can collect your ticket from the ticket machines at any train station.
Can my ticket be picked up by someone else if needed?
Yes it can be, as long as they have access to a payment card for identification.
How will I receive my booking confirmation?
You will receive an email comfirmation once booking is complete.
Is there WiFi available on the train?
There will be basic WiFi service on the train, the ID is GreatNorthern_WiFi.
Is there a charge for using WiFi?
Wifi is available free of charge.
How much data is included with the onboard wifi?
Data is limited to 50MB per day with no option of additional data.
Can I purchase additional data when I use the WiFi?
There is no additional data available to purchase.
Are the trains accessible for wheelchairs?
Yes, all the trains are accessible and have assisted travel service.
Can I bring a wheelchair or a mobility scooter onto the train?
Yes, as long as it is a manual/powered wheelchairs or a mobility scooter; that is smaller than 70x120cm and lighter than 300 kilograms.
Can I bring my bike on the train?
You can only bring a folding bike to the train and non folding bike must be parked at the station.
Can I bring my pets on board?
You may bring 2 domestic pets, they must be kept on a short lead, or carried in a basket size 85x60x60cm.
Can I smoke on the train?
No, smoking is not allowed on the train.
What are the hours of operation for the train station?
The hours of operation are Monday-Saturday 05:00 - 23:00, and on Sundays 07:00 - 22:55.
Can I park my car at the train station?
You may park at the station, there may be a fee, you should check with your station.
How much is the car parking fee?
The parking fee will vary by station, check with your local station onsite.
Can I park my bike at the station?
Yes, there is bike parking available at the train station.
Are there any fees for parking my bike?
Free weekday bike parking is available between the hours of 6AM and 7PM. You will be charged 5 GBP/night for weekday overnight parking and 10 GBP/day for weekend parking.
Are public restrooms available at the stations?
Yes, there are public toilets available in the stations.
Is smoking allowed at the train stations?
No, smoking is not allowed at the stations.
Are there age restrictions for 7D Experience?
No, there are no age restrictions for 7D Experience.
Can children ride 7D Expeirence unaccompanied themselves?
As long as they are 40 inches or taller, children can ride 7D Experience by themselves or with adults.
Can people with medical issues ride the 7D Experience?
7D Experience is not recommended for people with a medical condition.
Can you tell me if 7D Experience is safe for pregnant women?
7D Experience is not recommended for pregnant women.
Does 7D Experience allow dogs?
No, dogs are not allowed.
How much is the admission fee at 7D Experience?
The admission at 7D Experience is $13 for adults and children.
I have a motion sickness, can I ride the 7D Experience?
You can, but it is not recommended to ride 7D Experience if you experience motion sickness on rides.
Is credit accepted at 7D Experience?
7D Experience accepts credit cards.
Is there a space to park a bike, similar to car parking?
Bike parking is available at 7D Experience.
Is this a good place to bring kids?
Yes, 7D Experience is kid-friendly.
What are the hours of operation for 7D Experience?
7D Experience is open Monday through Sunday from 10AM to 9PM.
What parking does 7D Experience have?
7D Experience has street parking.
What's the minimum height people have to be to ride the 7D Experience?
The minimum height to ride 7D Experience is 40 inches.
Are there any admission fees at Alamo Square?
Alamo Square does not charge any admission fees.
Are there any restrooms that visitors can use at Alamo Square?
Restrooms are available for use at Alamo Square.
Does Alamo Square allow bike parking?
Yes, bike parking is available at Alamo Square.
Does Alamo Square have a play area for dogs?
Alamo Square does have a dog play area.
Does Alamo Square have a playground?
Yes, Alamo Square does have a playground.
Does Alamo Square have tennis courts?
Yes, Alamo Square does have tennis courts.
Is Alamo Square good for kids?
Alamo Square is kid friendly.
Is there a picnic area available at Alamo Square?
Yes, Alamo Square has a picnic area.
Is there any parking nearby?
Yes, street parking is available.
What are the opening hours of Alamo Square?
Alamo Square is open from 5am to 12am.
Do we need to sign up ahead of time for a tour?
Yes, the attraction is by appointment only.
Does Alcatraz Island allow dogs?
No, Alcatraz Island does not allow dogs.
Does the Alcatraz Island offer free WiFi?
No, Alcatraz Island does not offer free WiFi.
How long is the Alcatraz Tour?
The Alcatraz tour is 2 hours long.
Is Alcatraz Island good for kids?
Yes, Alcatraz Island is good for kids.
Is there a dress code for Alcatraz Island?
Casual attire is the dress code at Alcatraz Island.
What are the admission costs for adults and kids at Alcatraz Island?
It costs $39.90 for adults and $24.40 for kids.
What time is Alcatraz Island open?
Alcatraz Island is open every day from 8:30 am to 6:30pm.
Are dogs allowed?
Aquarium Of The Bay does not allow dogs.
Does Aquarium Of The Bay offer military discounts?
Aquarium Of The Bay offers military discounts.
How much is the admission to Aquarium Of The Bay for both adults and kids?
The admission fee is $29.25 for adults and $19.25 for children.
Is the Aquarium wheelchair accessible?
Aquarium Of The Bay is wheelchair accessible.
Is there any place to park my bike there?
Yes, there is bike parking at Aquarium Of The Bay.
Is there parking available at Aquarium Of The Bay?
Garage and street parking are available at Aquarium Of The Bay.
Is this a good place to bring kids?
Aquarium of The Bay is good for kids.
What are the business hours for Aquarium Of The Bay?
Aquarium Of The Bay is open from 10AM to 6pm every day of the week.
What forms of payment are accepted?
Credit cards are accepted as payment at Aquarium Of The Bay.
Are there restrooms at Baker Beach?
Restrooms are available at Baker Beach.
Do you allow dogs?
Yes, dogs are allowed.
Does Baker Beach have a picnic area?
Yes, Baker Beach has a picnic area.
How much does admission cost at Baker Beach?
Admission to Baker Beach is free.
Is Baker Beach good for kids?
Baker Beach is good for kids.
Is bike parking available at Baker Beach?
Yes, bike parking is available at Baker Beach.
Is there any trail at Baker Beach?
Yes, there is a 1.5 mile trail at Baker Beach.
Is there parking available at Baker Beach?
Street parking and a private parking lot are both available at Baker Beach.
When is Baker Beach open to the public?
Baker Beach is open from 6AM to 7PM every day of the week.
Can I park my bike at Balmy Street Murals?
There is no bike parking at Balmy Street Murals.
Can I park my car at Balmy Street Murals?
Parking is not available.
How much is admission to Balmy Street Murals?
Admission to Balmy Street Murals is free.
Is Balmy Street Murals wheelchair accessible?
Balmy Street Murals is not wheelchair accessible.
Is this place appropriate for kids?
Yes, Balmy Street Murals is good for kids.
Are bikes permitted at Batteries to Bluffs Trail?
No, bikes are not permitted at Batteries to Bluffs Trail.
Does Batteries to Bluffs Trail offer bike parking?
Yes, Batteries to Bluffs Trail offers bike parking.
How long does it take to complete a hike at Batteries to Bluffs Trail?
It should take you about 14 minutes to finish the trail.
Is Batteries to Bluffs Trail good for kids?
Yes, it is good for kids.
What is parking like at Batteries to Bluffs Trail?
You can park your car in a private lot at Batteries to Bluffs Trail.
What is the challenge level of Batteries to Bluffs Trail?
The challenge level is moderate to difficult at Batteries to Bluffs Trail.
What is the length of the Batteries to Bluffs Trail?
The Batteries to Bluffs Trail is 0.7 miles in length.
Are dogs allowed at Bay City Bike Rentals and Tours?
Dogs are not allowed.
How much will a bike rental cost me if I rent from Bay City Bike Rentals and Tours?
The rental fee depends on your bike and can be anywhere from $16 to $78 a day.
Is Bay City Bike Rentals and Tours good for kids?
Bay City Bike Rentals and Tours is good for kids.
Is Bay City Bike Rentals and Tours wheelchair accessible?
No, it is not wheelchair accessible.
Is bike parking available at Bay City Bike Rentals and Tours?
Yes.You can park your bike at Bay City Bike Rentals and Tours.
Is there a military discount offered?
Yes, Bay City Bike Rentals and Tours offers a military discount.
Is there any parking available at Bay City Bike Rentals and Tours?
Street parking is available at Bay City Bike Rentals and Tours.
What are the opening hours for Bay City Bike Rentals and Tours?
Bay City Bike Rentals and Tours is open from 8:30 am to 6:00 pm, seven days a week.
What forms of payment are accepted?
Bay City Bike Rentals and Tours accepts only credit card as primary payment.
Are you kid-friendly?
Bay City Bike Rentals and Tours is good for kids.
Does this establishment accept credit cards as a payment option?
Bay City Bike Rentals and Tours accepts credit cards.
How much does the bike rentals cost?
The rental cost varies from $16 to $78 a day depending on the bike.
Is Bay City Bike Rentals and Tours wheelchair accessible?
Bay City Bike Rentals and Tours doesn't support wheelchair accessible location.
Is bike parking available at Bay City Bike Rentals and Tours?
Yes, bike parking is available.
Is there any parking there?
Street parking is available at Bay City Bike Rentals and Tour.
What are your operating hours of Bay City Bike Rentals and Tours?
Bay City Bike Rentals and Tours is open from 8:30 am to 6:00 pm, seven days a week.
Can I park my car at Belden Place?
Parking is not available at Belden Place.
Does admission to Belden Place cost anything for either adults or kids?
Admission is free for adults and children.
Is Belden Place good for kids?
Belden Place is not listed as good for kids.
Is there a specific dress code at Belden Place?
There is no specific dress code at the Belden Place.
Are dogs allowed?
Dogs are allowed at Bernal Heights Park.
Are there any restrooms available for public use at Bernal Heights Park?
Yes, Bernal Heights Park does have restrooms available.
Does Bernal Heights Park have a dog play area?
Yes Bernal Heights Park does have a dog play area.
Does Bernal Heights Park offer parking?
Bernal Heights Park offers street parking and a private lot.
Is Bernal Heights Park wheelchair accessible?
Bernal Heights Park is not wheelchair accessible.
Is the park appropriate for kids?
Bernal Heights Park is good for kids.
Is there an admission fee at Bernal Heights Park?
There is no admission fee at Bernal Heights Park, as it is free to all.
Is there bike parking at Bernal Heights Park?
Yes, Bernal Heights Park offers bike parking.
How much is the admission fee for the Cable Car?
The admission fee is $8 at Cable Car - California Street Line.
Is there WiFi at the Cable Car - California Street Line?
There is no WiFi at the Cable Car - California Street Line.
Can I park my bike at Cable Car - Powell/Hyde Line?
There is no bike parking available at Cable Car - Powell/Hyde Line.
Is there WiFi at the Cable Car - Powell/Hyde Line?
There is no WiFi at the Cable Car - Powell/Hyde Line.
What are the hours of operation for the Cable Car - Powell/Hyde Line?
The Cable Car - Powell/Hyde Line opens at 6 am Monday through Sunday, it closes at 12 am everyday too.
What is the fare to ride the cable car?
The fare for adult and child is $8 at Cable Car - Powell/Hyde Line.
Can I park my car at Cable Car - Powell/Mason Line?
There is no parking at Cable Car - Powell/Mason Line.
Is there WiFi at the Cable Car - Powell/Mason Line?
There is no WiFi at the Cable Car - Powell/Mason Line.
What is the fare of the cable car?
The fare of the cable car is $8 for both adults and kids.
Can I bring my dog to Cable Car Museum?
Sorry, you're not allowed to bring a pet to the museum.
Can I park my bike at Cable Car Museum?
No, bike parking is not available at the Cable Car Museum.
Can I park my car at Cable Car Museum?
There is no place for parking at Cable Car Museum.
Is Cable Car Museum good for kids?
Cable Car Museum is good for kids.
Is there an admission fee to visit the Cable Car Museum?
The Cable Car Museum is free of charge.
What is the opening hours of Cable Car Museum?
Cable Car Museum is open from 10am to 5pm everyday.
Are there exhibits there that kids would enjoy?
Yes, the California Academy of Sciences is good for kids.
Are you wheelchair accessible?
Yes, California Academy of Sciences is wheelchair accessible.
Can I make an appointment to come?
California Academy of Sciences isn't available for appointment booking.
Do you accept major credit cards for payment?
The California Academy of Sciences accepts credit cards.
Does California Academy of Sciences allow dogs?
No, California Academy of Sciences does not allow dogs.
Is WiFi available?
California Academy of Sciences offers free WiFi.
Is bike parking available at California Academy of Sciences?
Yes, bike parking is available.
What are the hours of operation at the California Academy of Sciences?
The California Academy of Sciences is open from 9:30 AM to 5 PM Monday to Saturday and 11 AM to 5 PM on Sundays.
What is the admission fee for California Academy of Sciences?
The admission fee is $36 for an adult and $26 for a child at the California Academy of Sciences.
What type of parking do you offer there?
California Academy of Sciences offers garage and street parking.
What's the dress code at California Academy of Sciences?
The dress code at California Academy of Sciences is casual.
Can I park my car at Camera Obscura?
Sorry, you cannot park your car at Camera Obscura.
How much is the admission going to cost to Camera Obscura, for both adults and children?
The admission fee is $3 for adults and children.
What days and times is Camera Obscura open?
Camera Obscura is open Monday through Saturday, 11AM to 5 PM.
Does the museum accept credit cards?
The Cartoon Art Museum accepts credit cards
Does the museum offer military discounts?
Yes, military discounts are offered at the Cartoon Art Museum.
How much will I need to pay for adults' and children's admission to the Cartoon Art Museum?
Admission to the Cartoon Art Museum is 10 dollars for adults and 4 dollars for children.
Is Cartoon Art Museum good for kids?
Cartoon Art Museum is good for kids.
Is Cartoon Art Museum wheelchair accessible?
Yes, Cartoon Art Museum is wheelchair accessible.
What are the operating hours of The Cartoon Art Museum?
The Cartoon Art Museum is open from 11 am to 5pm but is closed on Wednesdays.
Are there any restrooms available for use at China Beach?
Yes, restrooms are available at China Beach.
Does China Beach cost any admission fee to visit?
China beach is free of charge to visit.
Does China Beach have bike parking available?
China Beach has bike parking available
Is China Beach kid-friendly?
Yes, China Beach is kid-friendly.
Is parking available at China Beach?
Street parking and a private parking lot are both available at China Beach.
Are dogs permitted at City Lights Bookstore?
City Lights Bookstore does not allow dogs.
Are you wheelchair accessible?
No, City Lights Bookstore is not wheelchair accessible.
Can I park my bike there?
Yes, there is bike parking at City Lights Bookstore.
Does City Lights Bookstore accept google pay?
No, City Lights Bookstore does not accept Google Pay.
Does The City Lights Bookstore accept Apple Pay?
The City Lights Bookstore does not accept Apple Pay.
Does the bookstore accept credit cards?
The establishment accepts credit cards.
Is street parking available there?
Yes, street parking is available.
What are the opening hours of City Lights Bookstore?
City Lights Bookstore is open from 10:00 am to 12:00 am every day.
Can I park my bike at Clarion Alley?
There is no bike parking area at Clarion Alley.
Can I park my car at Clarion Alley?
You cannot park your car at at Clarion Alley.
Is Clarion Alley good for kids?
Clarion Alley is a good place for kids.
Is Clarion Alley wheelchair accessible?
Clarion Alley is not wheelchair accessible.
Are dogs allowed at Coit Tower?
No, dogs are not allowed at Coit Tower.
Can I park my car at Coit Tower?
You cannot park at Coit Tower.
Do I need an appointment to come to Coit Tower?
No, Coit Tower is not by appointment only.
Does Coit Tower offer free WiFi?
No, Coit Tower does not offer free WiFi.
Is Coit Tower appropriate for kids?
Coit Tower is good for kids.
Is Coit Tower wheelchair accessible?
The Coit Tower is not wheelchair accessible.
What is the dress code at Coit Tower?
Coit Tower dress code is casual
When is Coit Tower open each day?
Coit tower is open from 10:00 am to 5:00 pm every day.
Are visits to this place allowed via drop-in?
No, it is not by appointment only.
Do you accept Google Pay?
Google Pay is not accepted by Conservatory of Flowers.
Does Conservatory of Flowers accept credit cards?
Conservatory of Flowers accepts credit cards.
Does this place take Apple Pay as payment?
No, the Conservatory of Flowers does not accept Apple Pay.
How much is the admission fee for Conservatory of Flowers?
The admission fee for adults is $10 Tuesdays to Thursdays and $12 Friday to Sunday. The fee for children is $3 everyday.
Is Conservatory of Flowers good for kids?
Conservatory of Flowers is good for kids.
Is free WiFi available at Conservatory of Flowers?
Free Wifi is available at Conservatory of Flowers
What are the business hours for the Conservatory of Flowers?
The Conservatory of Flowers is open from 10 AM to 4:30 PM Tuesday through Sunday and is closed Mondays.
How much will a ticket cost to visit the Contemporary Jewish Museum?
Admission is $16 for adults and $8 for children.
Is Contemporary Jewish Museum good for kids?
Contemporary Jewish Museum is good for kids.
What days and times is the Contemporary Jewish Museum open?
The Contemporary Jewish Museum is open from 11:00 am to 5:00 pm every day except for Wednesday when it is closed.
Are dogs allowed there?
Yes, dogs are allowed.
Does Cupid's Span offer parking?
Cupid's Span offers street parking and a private parking lot.
Is Cupid's Span good for kids?
Yes, it is good for kids.
Is Cupid's Span wheelchair accessible?
Cupid's Span is not wheelchair accessible.
Is bike parking available at Cupid's Span?
Yes, bike parking is available at Cupid's Span.
Are dogs allowed at de Young?
Dogs are not allowed at de Young
Are you kid-friendly?
Yes, de Young is good for kids.
Do I need to make an appointment?
de Young is not by appointment only.
Is free WiFi offered at de Young?
Yes, the de Young offers free WiFi.
What are your opening hours of de Young?
deYoung is open from 9:30 am to 5:00 pm, Tuesday through Sunday, and closed Monday.
What is the cost of admission for adults and kids at the de Young?
Admission is free for children and $15 for adults.
What's the dress code at de Young?
The dress code at de Young is casual.
Does Dolores Park have bike parking?
Yes, bike parking is available.
Is Delores Park good for kids?
Dolores Park is good for kids.
Is there any parking available at Dolores Park?
Street parking is available at Dolores Park.
What are the opening hours at Dolores Park?
Dolores Park is open from 6 AM to 10 PM every day.
Can I park my bike at Dragon Gate?
No, Dragon Gate does not have bike parking.
Can I park my car at Dragon Gate?
Dragon Gate does not allow parking onsite.
Is Dragon Gate free to visit?
Yes, Dragon Gate doesn't charge any entrance fee.
Is Dragon Gate wheelchair accessible?
Dragon Gate is not wheelchair accessible.
What are your opening hours of Dragon Gate?
Dragon Gate is open 7 days a week, 24 hours a day.
Can I park my car at Embarcadero Public Promenade?
You can not park your car at Embarcadero Public Promenade.
Is this a good place for kids?
Yes, Embarcadero Public Promenade is kid-friendly.
Can I park my car at Exploratorium?
Sorry, there is no parking at Exploratorium.
Can we just show up?
No, it is not by appointment only.
Does Exploratorium accept google pay?
Google Pay is an acceptable form of payment at Exploratorium.
Does Exploratorium have free WiFi?
Yes. Exploratorium offer free WiFi.
Does the Exploratorium accept cryptocurrency as payment?
No, Exploratorium does not accept cryptocurrency.
Does the Exploratorium offer a military discount?
Yes, the Exploratorium offers military discount.
How much does admission cost for adults and children at the Exploratorium?
Admission to the Exploratorium is $29.95 for adults and $19.95 for children.
Is Apple Pay accepted at Exploratorium?
Exploratorium supports Apple Pay as payment.
Is Exploratorium friendly to kids?
Exploratorium is friendly to kids
Is Exploratorium wheelchair accessible?
Yes, the Exploratorium is wheelchair accessible.
What is the dress code at Exploratorium?
The dress code at Exploratorium is casual.
What payment options do you offer at the Exploratorium?
Payment options at Exploratorium are cash, credit card, google play, or apple play.
When is the Exploratorium open every day?
The Exploratorium is open only on Tuesday from 10:00 am to 5:00 pm.
Are dogs allowed inside the Exploratorium after dark?
Yes, dogs are allowed.
Does Exploratorium After Dark accept Google Pay?
Exploratorium After Dark accepts Google Pay.
How much is the admission fee to Exploratorium After Dark costs, for both adults and kids?
The admission fee is $29.95 for adults and $19.95 for children.
Is Apple Pay accepted at Exploratorium After Dark?
Yes, the Exploratorium After Dark accepts Apple Pay.
Is Exploratorium After Dark by appoointment only?
No, Exploratorium After Dark welcomes walk-in customers.
Is Exploratorium After Dark good for kids?
No, the Exploratorium After Dark is not good for kids.
Is Exploratorium After Dark wheelchair accessible?
Yes, it is wheelchair accessible.
Is bike parking available at Exploratorium After Dark?
Exploratorium After Dark has bike parking.
Is cryptocurrency accepted at Exploratorium After Dark?
No, Exploratorium After Dark does not accept cryptocurrency.
Is there free WiFi available at Exploratorium After Dark?
Free WiFi is available at Exploratorium After Dark.
What are the hours of operation for the Exploratorium After Dark?
Exploratorium After Dark is normally open from 6 PM to 10 PM.
What kind of parking is available?
You can park your car in a garage or on the street at Exploratorium After Dark
What payment options does Exploratorium After Dark accept?
Exploratorium After Dark accepts credit cards, Apple Pay and Google Pay.
Can I park my car at Ferry Building Bike Rentals?
You can park car at Ferry Building Bike Rentals.
Do you have anything my kids would like?
Yes, it is good for kids.
Does Ferry Building Bike Rentals accept credit cards?
The company accepts credit cards.
How much is a bike rental going to cost me at Ferry Building Bike Rentals?
The bike rental is $8 to $16 per hour, depending on the bike you choose to rent.
Is bike parking available at Ferry Building Bike Rentals?
Yes, bike parking is available at Ferry Building Bike Rentals.
What are your opening hours of Ferry Building Bike Rentals?
The Ferry Building Bike Rentals is open every day from 9:00 am to 6:00 pm.
Are dogs allowed at Ferry Building Marketplace?
No, dogs aren't allowed at Ferry Building Marketplace.
Does Ferry Building Marketplace take google pay?
Ferry Building Marketplace accepts Google Pay.
Is Apple Pay accepted at Ferry Building Marketplace?
Apple Pay is accepted at Ferry Building Marketplace.
Is Ferry Building Marketplace good for kids?
Yes.Ferry Building Marketplace is good for kids.
Is there anywhere I can park my bike?
Yes, bike parking is available.
What are the business hours of Ferry Building Marketplace?
Ferry Building Marketplace is open from 10:00 am to 6:00 pm every day. On Saturday it is open from 9:00 am to 6:00 pm. On Sunday it is open from 11:00 am to 5:00 pm.
What kind of parking is available at your establishment?
Parking is only Streets.
What payment options does The Ferry Building Marketplace accept?
The Ferry Building Marketplace accepts credit cards, Apple Pay and Google Pay.
Can I park my bike at Filbert Steps?
Bike parking is not allowed at Filbert Steps.
Is this place a good spot for kids?
Yes, Filbert Steps is good for kids.
Is the Fisherman's Wharf appropriate for kids?
Yes, the Fisherman's Wharf is good for kids.
Can I park my bike at Fort Point?
No, there is no bike parking at Fort Point.
Can I park my car at Fort Point?
Fort Point does not offer parking.
Do I need to pay a fee to visit Fort Point?
There's no entrance fee at Fort Point.
What is the opening hours at Fort Point?
Fort Point is open 10am to 5pm, Friday to Sunday.
Can I park my bike at Golden Gate Bridge?
Bike parking is not available at Golden Gate Bridge.
Is there a fee to cross the Golden Gate Bridge?
Yes, tolls are collected in the southbound direction into San Francisco only.
What are Golden Gate Bridge's opening hours?
The Golden Gate Bridge is open 24 hours a day.
What payment methods are available for the Golden Gate Bridge toll?
Payment can be made using a credit card, cash, check or money order.
What's the toll amount that Golden Gate Bridge charges?
Golden Gate Bridge has a toll rate of $8.40 per vehicle.
Can I park my bike at Golden Gate Bridge Welcome Center?
As of this time, there is no bike parking at Golden Gate Bridge Welcome Center.
Does your hotel have WiFi?
There is no WiFi at the Golden Gate Bridge Welcome Center.
Is Golden Gate Bridge Welcome Center wheelchair accessible?
Golden Gate Bridge Welcome Center is not wheelchair accessible.
Is there any admission fee associated with visiting the Golden Gate Bridge Welcome Center?
The Golden Gate Bridge Welcome Center is free to enter.
What are the Golden Gate Bridge Welcome Center's opening hours?
The welcome center is open from 9am to 6pm everyday.
Can I take a guided tour at Grace Cathedral?
Yes, a guided tour is available at Grace Cathedral.
How much time it will take to finish the guided tour at Grace Cathedral?
It takes 90 minutes to complete the guided tour at Grace Cathedral.
What are the opening hours at Grace Cathedral?
Grace Cathedral is open from 7am to 6pm on weekdays, and 8am to 6pm on Saturday and Sunday.
What is the admission fee for the guided tour at Grace Cathedral?
The admission fee for the guided tour is $25 at Grace Cathedral.
Can I park my car at Gregangelo's Velocity Arts & Entertainment?
There is no parking at Gregangelo's Velocity Arts & Entertainment.
Is Gregangelo's Velocity Arts & Entertainment good for kids?
Gregangelo's Velocity Arts & Entertainment is good for kids.
What are the opening hours at Gregangelo's Velocity Arts & Entertainment each day?
Gregangelo's Velocity Arts & Entertainment is open 24 hours each and every day.
What payment options do you guys accept?
Gregangelo's Velocity Arts & Entertainment accepts cash only.
Does Haas-Lilienthal House accept Apple Pay?
Haas-Lilienthal House does not take Apple Pay.
Does Haas-Lilienthal House offer military discount?
The Haas-Liliental House does not offer military discounts.
What are the opening hours at Haas-Lilienthal House?
They are open on Wednesday from 12 to 3pm, Saturday from 12 to 3pm and Sunday from 11am to 4pm.
What payment options are available at Haas-Lilienthal House?
The Haas-Lilienthal House only accepts Cash, Visa, Master and AMEX.
Can I park my bike at Hidden Garden Steps?
Hidden Garden Steps does not offer bike parking.
Is Hidden Garden Steps kid-friendly?
Yes, Hidden Garden Steps is kid-friendly.
Is Hidden Garden Steps wheelchair accessible?
Hidden Garden Steps is not wheelchair accessible.
What days and times can I visit Hidden Garden Steps?
The Hidden Garden Steps are open 24 hours a day Monday to Friday and is closed Saturdays and Sundays.
Is Hyde Street Beach wheelchair accessible?
There is no wheelchair accessible access at Hyde Street Beach
Is bike parking available at Hyde Street Beach?
Yes, bike parking is available.
Is street parking available at the beach?
Hyde Street Beach has street parking.
Is Hyde Street Pier good for kids?
Hyde Street Pier is good for kids.
Is Hyde Street Pier wheelchair accessible?
Hyde Street Pier is not wheelchair accessible.
Is there any parking nearby?
Street parking is available.
Is there anywhere for me to park my bike?
Yes, Hyde Street Pier offers bike parking.
What are the hours of operation for the Hyde Street Pier?
Hyde Street Pier is open from 9:30am to 4:30pm everyday.
Can I park bikes at Ina Coolbrith Park?
Bikes can be parked at Ina Coolbrith Park.
Is Ina Coolbrith Park kid-friendly?
Yes, Ina Coolbrith Park is kid-friendly.
What parking does  Ina Coolbrith Park have?
Street parking is available at Ina Coolbrith Park.
Is Japantown a good place to bring kids?
Yes, Japantown is good for kids.
Are there activities for kids there?
Kadampa Meditation Center San Francisco is not good for kids.
What days and hours is Kadampa Meditation Center San Francisco open?
Kadampa Meditation Center San Francisco is open from 1:30 pm to 6:00 pm. It is closed on Friday, and open on Saturday from 11:00 am to 3:00 pm and on Sunday from 1:00 pm to 3:00 pm.
Does Lake Merced allow to bring dogs?
Yes. Lake Merced allows to bring dogs.
Is Lake Merced kid friendly?
Yes, Lake Merced is kid-friendly.
Is bike parking available at Lake Merced?
Yes, bike parking is available.
Is there any parking available nearby?
Lake Merced has street and private lot parking.
Can I ride a bike at Lands End Lookout?
Yes, bikes are allowed at Lands End Lookout.
Does Lands End Lookout offer free WiFi?
Lands End Lookout does not offer free WiF.
How long is the trail at Lands End Lookout?
Lands End Lookout has a trail length of 3.4 miles.
What are the hours that Lands End Lookout is open each day?
Lands End Lookout is open from 9:00 am to 5:00 pm every day.
What is the challenge level of the trail at Lands End Lookout?
The challenge level of the trail at Lands End Lookout is moderate.
Can I park my bike at Legion of Honor?
bike parking not permitted
Can I park my car at Legion of Honor?
Legion of Honor does not offer parking.
Do I need to make an appointment before coming?
Legion of Honor is not by appointment only.
Does Legion of Honor offer free WiFi?
Yes, Legion of Honor offers free WiFi.
How much does the admission cost at Legion of Honor?
Adults are $15 and children are free.
I have dog and was wondering is Legion of Honor, dog friendly?
Legion of Honor isn't a dog friendly zone.
Is Legion of Honor good for kids?
Legion of Honor is good for kids.
What are the business hours for Legion of Honor?
Legion of Honor is open from 9:30 am to 5 pm, but is closed on Mondays.
What is the dress code of Legion of Honor?
The dress code is casual.
Can I park my bike at Lombard Street?
Bike parking is not available at Lombard Street.
Is Lombard Street kid-friendly?
Yes, Lombard Street is kid-friendly.
Are dogs permitted at Madame Tussauds San Francisco?
Dogs are not allowed at Madame Tussauds San Francisco.
Are visits by appointment only?
No, Madame Tussauds San Francisco is not by appointment only.
Can I park my bike at Madame Tussauds San Francisco?
Madame Tussaud's does not offer bike parking.
Do you know when Madame Tussauds San Francisco is open each day?
Madame Tussauds San Francisco is open from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm each every day.
Does this spot offer a military discount?
Madame Tussauds San Francisco offers military discount.
How much is the admission fee for kids and adults at Madame Tussauds San Francisco?
It costs $19.99 for both kids and adults at Madame Tussauds San Francisco.
Is Madame Tussauds San Francisco good for kids?
Madame Tussauds San Francisco is good for kids.
What payment options are available at Madame Tussauds San Francisco?
Madame Tussaud's San Francisco offers cash, visa, MasterCard, and Amex as form of payment.
Can I park my bike at Magowan's Infinite Mirror Maze?
There is no parking or bike parking at all.
Can I park my car at Magowan's Infinite Mirror Maze?
No, there is not parking available at Magowan's Infinite Mirror Maze.
Does Magowan's Infinite Mirror Maze allow dogs?
Dogs are not allowed at Magowan's Infinite Mirror Maze.
Does Magowan's Infinite Mirror Maze offer WiFi?
WiFi isn't available at Magowan's Infinite Mirror Maze.
Is this a good place to bring my children?
Magowan's Infinite Mirror Maze is kid friendly.
What time is the Mirror Maze open each day of the week?
The maze is open every day from 11am to 7pm.
Is Martin Luther King Jr Memorial wheelchair accessible?
The Martin Luther King Jr Memorial is not wheelchair accessible.
Can I park my car at McKinley Square Park Foundation?
No, parking is not available at McKinley Square Park Foundation.
Do you offer any parking areas there for bikes?
No, McKinley Square Park Foundation doesn't offer bike parking.
Is McKinley Square Park Foundation wheelchair accessible?
The McKinley Square Park Foundation is not wheelchair accessible.
May I bring my children to McKInley Park Foundation
Yes, McKinley Square Park Foundation is kid-friendly.
Can I park my car at Mission Dolores Basilica/San Francisco de Asis?
Car parking is not available at the Mission Dolores Basilica/San Francisco de Asis.
How much does the admission cost at Mission Dolores Basilica?
It is free to get into Mission Dolores Basilica.
I was wondering if Mission Dolores Basilica/San Francisco de Asis is child friendly?
Mission Dolores Basilica/San Francisco de Asis is appropriate for children.
Is Mission Dolores Basilica/San Francisco de Asis wheelchair accessible?
Mission Dolores Basilica/San Francisco de Asis is not wheelchair accessible.
What time does Mission Dolores Basilica open and close?
Mission Dolores Basilica is open from 9:30 am to 4:00 pm every day.
Does Mount Davidson Park allow dogs?
Mount Davidson Park allows you to bring dogs.
Is bike parking available at Mount Davidson Park?
No, bike parking is not available.
Is there any parking nearby?
Yes, street parking is available.
Is this park appropriate for kids?
Yes, Mount Davidson Park is good for kids.
How much does it cost to park at Municipal Pier?
It can cost up to $34 for 2 hours parking, but you can also find free parking on-street.
How much is the admission at Musee Mecanique?
The admission is free of charge at Musee Mecanique.
Is Musee Mecanique good for kids?
Yes, the attraction is good for kids.
Is free WiFi provided at Musee Mecanique?
Musee Mecanique does not offer free WiFi.
What are your opening hours of Musee Mecanique?
The opening hours are from 10AM to 8PM.
What is the dress code at Musee Mecanique?
The dress code at Musee Mecanique is casual.
Do I need to make any appointment to see the museum?
No, Museum Of 3D Illusions is not by appointment only.
Do you allow dogs?
No, dogs aren't allowed at Museum Of 3D Illusions.
Do you offer a military discount?
The Museum of 3D Illusions offers military discounts.
Does the Museum Of 3D Illusions offer free WiFi?
Yes, Museum Of 3D Illusions provides free WiFi.
How much does an admission ticket to the Museum Of 3D Illusions cost for both an adult and a child?
The admission fee at Museum of 3D Illusions is 25 dollars for an adult and 12 dollars for a child.
Is Museum of 3D Illusions appropriate for children?
Museum Of 3D Illusions is appropriate for children.
What are the business hours for Museum Of 3D Illusions?
The Museum of 3D Illusions is open from 10:00 am to 10:00 pm every day except Saturday when it is open until 11:00 pm.
What's the dress code for the Museum Of 3D Illusions?
The dress code for the Museum Of 3D Illusions is casual.
Can I park my car at North Beach?
Parking is not available.
Is Oakland Museum of California a dog friendly place?
No, Oakland Museum of California doesn't allow to bring pets inside.
Is free WiFi provided at Oakland Museum of California?
Yes, WiFi is free at Oakland Museum of California.
Is the Oakland Museum of California kid friendly?
Yes, Oakland Museum of California is kid-friendly.
Is this museum by appointment only?
No, Oakland Museum of California is not by appointment only.
What are the operating hours for the Oakland Museum of California?
Opening hours are from 11am to 5pm on Wednesdays only.
What is the admission fee to the Oakland Museum of California costs for both adults and kids?
The Oakland Museum of California charges $16 for adults and $7 for children.
Are dogs allowed at Ocean Beach?
Ocean Beach does allow you to bring dogs.
Does Ocean Beach offer parking?
There is both a lot and street parking available at Ocean Beach.
Is Ocean Beach good for kids?
Ocean Beach is a good place for kids.
Is bike parking available at Ocean Beach?
Yes, bike parking is available at Ocean Beach.
What is the opening hours of Ocean Beach?
Ocean Beach is open 24 hours, 7 days a week.
Can I park my car at Painted Ladies?
No, there is no parking at Painted Ladies.
Is Painted Ladies wheelchair accessible?
There is no wheelchair access at Painted Ladies.
Can I park my bike at Palace Of Fine Arts?
There is no bike parking at the Palace of Fine Arts, sorry!
Can I park my car at Palace Of Fine Arts?
There is no parking available at Palace of Fine Arts.
Do you accept Google Pay as payment?
No.Palace Of Fine Arts does not accept Google Pay.
Does The Palace of Fine Arts accept credit cards?
The Palace of Fine Arts accepts credit cards.
Is Apple Pay accepted at Palace Of Fine Arts?
No, the restaurant does not accept Apple Pay.
Is Palace Of Fine Arts wheelchair accessible?
Palace Of Fine Arts is wheelchair accessible.
Is free WiFi service offered here?
Palace Of Fine Arts does not offer free WiFi.
Is there any dresscode to visit Palace Of Fine Arts?
No, Palace Of Fine Arts doesn't require any specific attire to the visitors.
What are the opening hours at the Palace Of Fine Arts?
The opening hours are from 10am to 5pm Tuesday through Sunday.
Can I park my bike at Pier 33?
Pier 33 does not have bike parking available.
Can I park my car at Pier 33?
Parking is not allowed at Pier 33.
Does Pier 33 charge any entrance fee to visitors?
No, Pier 33 is free to visit.
Is Pier 33 wheelchair accessible?
Pier 33 is not wheelchair accessible.
Can I park my bike at Pier 39?
There is no bike parking available at Pier 39.
Is Pier 39 good for kids?
Pier 39 is kid friendly
What time does Pier 39 open and close each day?
The hours are from 10:00 am until 9:00 pm Sunday through Thursday, and they are open until 10:00 pm on Friday and Saturday.
Does Pier 7 have bike parking?
Pier 7 has bike parking.
Is street parking available at Pier 7?
Yes, street parking is available.
Is this establishment appropriate for kids?
Yes, Pier 7 is good for kids.
Does the museum accept Google Pay as a payment option?
No, the museum does not accept Google Pay.
Is Apple Pay accepted at Randall Museum?
No, the museum does not accept Apple Pay.
What are the business hours for the Randall Museum?
Randall Museum is open from 10AM to 5PM Tuesday to Saturday and is closed Sunday to Monday.
What is the admission fee at Randall Museum?
The admission is free at Randall Museum.
What payment options does Randall Museum take?
The payment options at Randall Museum are cash or credit card.
Would my kids enjoy the museum?
Yes, the museum is good for kids.
Are dogs allowed at Ripley's Believe It or Not!?
No, dogs are not allowed.
Do you need an appointment to visit?
No, Ripley's Believe It or Not! is not by appointment only.
Does Ripley's Believe It or Not! have bike parking?
Ripley's Believe It or Not! has bike parking.
How much does the admission ticket to Ripley's Believe It or Not! cost for kids and adults?
The admission fee at Ripley's Believe It or Not! is $19.99 for adults and $12.99 for children.
Is Ripley's Believe It or Not! good for kids?
Yes.Ripley's Believe It or Not!  is good for kids.
What are the business hours of Ripley's Believe It or Not?
Ripley's Believe It or Not! Is open from 10AM to 9PM every day of the week.
What kind of payments do you accept?
Ripley's Believe It or Not! accepts credit cards.
Can I park my car at San Francisco Botanical Garden?
No, parking is not available on site.
Do I need an appointment for the San Francisco Botanical Garden?
There is no appointment necessary for the San Francisco Botanical Garden.
Does the San Francisco Botanical Garden allow dogs?
The San Francisco Botanical Garden does not allow dogs.
Is WiFi available?
San Francisco Botanical Garden does not offer free WiFi.
Is this a good place for kids?
San Francisco Botanical Garden is good for kids.
What is the admission fee at San Francisco Botanical Garden?
The admission fee for adults is $9 for weekdays and $12 for weekends. It's $3 for children each day.
What time does the San Francisco Botanical Garden open and close each day?
San Francisco Botanical Garden opens at 7:30 am every day, we also close at 6 pm everyday.
Can I park my car at Chinatown?
There is no parking available for cars at Chinatown.
Are credit cards accepted as payment?
The San Francisco City Hall accepts credit cards.
Can I park my bike at San Francisco City Hall?
You cannot park at San Francisco City Hall.
Can I park my car at San Francisco City Hall?
San Francisco City Hall does not offer parking.
Does San Francisco City Hall accept Google Pay?
No, the San Francisco City Hall does not accept Google Pay.
Is Apple Pay accepted at San Francisco City Hall?
San Francisco City Hall does not accept Apple Pay.
Is there any free WiFi here?
Yes, San Francisco City Hall offers free WiFi.
What hours is San Francisco City Hall open?
San Francisco City Hall is open from 8AM to 8PM Monday through Friday and is closed Saturdays and Sundays.
Can I park my bike at San Francisco Museum of Modern Art?
You cannot park bike at San Francisco Museum of Modern Art.
Can I park my car at San Francisco Museum of Modern Art?
The San Francisco Museum of Modern Art does have parking available.
Does San Francisco Museum of Modern Art accept Apple Pay?
Apple Pay is not an accepted form of payment at San Francisco Museum of Modern Art.
Does San Francisco Museum of Modern Art allow dogs?
No, San Francisco Museum of Modern Art does not allow dogs.
Does San Francisco Museum of Modern Art offer free WiFi?
Yes, San Francisco Museum of Modern Art offers free WiFi.
Is San Francisco Museum of Modern Art by appointment only?
San Francisco Museum of Modern Art is not by appointment only.
Is San Francisco Museum of Modern Art wheelchair accessible?
San Francisco Museum of Modern Art does not have wheelchair accessibilty at this time.
Is The San Francisco Museum of Modern Art good for kids?
The San Francisco Museum of Modern Art is good for kids.
What are the hours when I can visit the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art?
The San Francisco Museum of Modern Art is open from 10am to 5pm every day, except for Wednesdays when it is closed all day.
What is the admission fee for kids and adults costs at the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art?
The San Francisco Museum of Modern Art charges $19 for children and $25 for adult admission.
What's the dress attire at San Francisco Museum of Modern Art?
The dress attire is casual at San Francisco Museum of Modern Art.
Are the attraction at San Francisco Zoo good for kids?
Yes, the attraction is good for kids.
Does San Francisco Zoo accept Apple Pay?
No, the zoo does not accept Apple Pay.
Does San Francisco Zoo offer military discounts?
San Francisco Zoo does offer military discounts.
Does the zoo accept Google Pay?
San Francisco Zoo doesn't support Google Pay as payment.
How much is the admission at San Francisco Zoo?
Admission at the San Francisco Zoo is $23 for adults and $17 for children.
Is San Francisco Zoo by appointment only?
No, a visit to the San Francisco Zoo does not require an appointment.
Is there a designated area for parking bikes at this zoo?
Bike parking is available at the San Francisco Zoo.
What are the parking options at the zoo?
Parking options at the San Francisco Zoo include a private lot, street parking and valet.
What is the opening hours of San Francisco Zoo?
The San Francisco Zoo is open from 10am to 5pm every day of the week.
What payment options does San Francisco Zoo accept?
San Francisco Zoo accepts only credit card as its primary option.
Are dogs allowed at Seward Street Slides?
Yes, dogs are allowed at Seward Street Slides.
Do you have a place for me to park my bike?
No, Seward Street Slides does not offer bike parking.
Is Seward Street Slides good for kids?
Seward Street Slides is good for kids.
Is Seward Street Slides wheelchair accessible?
Seward Street Slides is not wheelchair accessible.
Is parking available at Seward Street Slides?
Seward Street Slides has a private lot and street parking is also available.
What are the days and hours that I can visit Seward Street Slides?
The opening hours for Seward Street Slides are 9am to 5pm, Tuesday through Sun, and closed on Monday.
Is SF Citadel kid friendly?
No, SF Citadel is not kid-friendly.
Is there free WiFi available?
No, SF Citadel does not offer free WiFi.
What days and times is SF Citadel open?
The SF Citadel is open on Friday and Saturday from 8:00 pm to 2:00 am.
Are dogs allowed on the golf course?
No dogs allowed at Subpar Miniature Golf.
How much will it cost for Subpar Miniature Golf?
The admission fee at Subpar Miniature Golf is $12 for adults and $8 for children.
Is Subpar Miniature Golf good for kids?
Yes.  Subpar Miniature Golf good for kids.
What are the payment options for Subpar Miniature Golf?
The payment options at Subpar Miniature Golf are cash or credit card.
What hours is Subpar Miniature Golf open?
Subpar Miniature Golf opens at 11 AM Monday to Thursday and 10 AM Friday to Sunday. It clsoes at 10 PM everyday.
Are dogs allowed at Sutro Baths?
Yes, Sutro Baths allows dogs.
Can I park my bike at Sutro Baths.?
You can park your bike at Sutro Baths.
Do you have parking available?
Sutro Baths has street and lot parking available
Is Sutro Baths good for kids?
Yes. Sutro Baths is good for kids.
Is Sutro Baths wheelchair accessible?
No they are not wheelchair accessible.
Can I bring my dog to the 16th Avenue Tiled Steps?
Yes, you can visit The 16th Avenue Tiled Steps with your pets.
Can I park my bike at The 16th Avenue Tiled Steps?
No, you may not park your bike at The 16th Avenue Tiled Steps.
Can I park my car at The 16th Avenue Tiled Steps?
You cannot park your car at The 16th Avenue Tiled Steps.
Is The 16th Avenue Tiled Steps good for kids?
Yes, The 16th Avenue Tiled Steps are good for kids.
Is The 16th Avenue Tiled Steps wheelchair accessible?
No The 16th Avenue Tiled Steps is not wheelchair accessible.
What are the opening hours of The 16th Avenue Tiled Steps?
The 16th Avenue Tiled Steps opens at 9:30 AM Monday to Saturday and at 10:00 AM on Sundays. It closes at 5pm each day.
Can I park my car at Cathedral of Saint Mary of the Assumption?
Parking is not available at the Cathedral of Saint Mary of the Assumption.
Does it cost any admission fee to visit Saint Mary of the Assumption?
The admission for Saint Mary of the Assumption is free for both adults and children.
Is there any entrance fee to visit Cathedral of Saint Mary of the Assumption?
No, Cathedral of Saint Mary of the Assumption is free to visit.
When are the Cathedral of Saint Mary of the Assumption's opening hours?
Cathedral of Saint Mary of the Assumption is open from Monday to Friday from 9:30 am to 4:00 pm. On Saturday it is open from 11:00 am to 5:30 pm and on Sunday it is open from 9:00 am to 3:30 pm.
Can I park my car at Embarcadero Waterfront?
You cannot park at at Embarcadero Waterfront.
Is Embarcadero Waterfront good for kids?
Yes, Embarcadero Waterfront is good for kids.
Are there any age restrictions to ride The Flyer?
There are no age restriction to ride The Flyer.
Can I ride The Flyer - San Francisco if I suffer from motion sickness?
It is not recommend if you have motion sickness.
Can children ride The Flyer unaccompanied?
Children can ride the flyer unaccompanied as long as 40 inches or taller.
Could I ride The Flyer while I'm pregnant?
No, it is not advised to ride the Flyer if you are pregnant.
Does The Flyer - San Francisco accept credit cards?
The Flyer - San Francisco accepts credit cards.
Is The Flyer - San Francisco safe for those with medical conditions?
No, the Flyer in San Francisco is not recommended for those with medical conditions.
What days and hours is The Flyer open?
The Flyer in San Francisco is open from 10am to 8pm every day.
What is the maximum weight to ride the Flyer?
The maximum weight to ride the Flyer in San Francisco is 300 pounds.
What is the minimum height to ride at The Flyer?
The minimum height to ride The Flyer - San Francisco is 40 inches.
What's the admission fee going to cost me at The Flyer - San Francisco?
The admission fee at The Flyer in San Francisco is $25 for adults and $16 for children.
Can I park my car at The Glass Elevators?
Parking is not available.
Is the Glass Elevators good for kids?
The Glass Elevators is good for kids.
Is Gregangelo Museum wheelchair accessible?
Gregangelo Museum is not wheelchair accessible.
What is the opening hours at Gregangelo Museum?
Gregangelo Museum is open from 11 am to 6 pm Monday through Saturday. It's closed on Sunday.
Can I bring my pet to The Mrs. Doubtfire House?
Sorry, no pet is allowed to The Mrs. Doubtfire House.
Can I park my bike at The Mrs. Doubtfire House?
You cannot park your bike at The Mrs. Doubtfire House.
Can I park my car at The Mrs. Doubtfire House?
You may not park your car on the The Mrs. Doubtfire House property.
Is The Mrs. Doubtfire House kid-friendly?
Yes, The Mrs. Doubtfire House is kid-friendly.
Is The Mrs. Doubtfire House wheelchair accessible?
Sorry, the Mrs. Doubtfire House isn't wheelchair accessible.
Am I allowed to park my bike there?
You can park your bike at The Presidio
Can I park my car at The Presidio?
The Presidio has street and private lot parking.
Is The Presidio good for kids?
The Presidio is good for kids.
Is The Presidio, dog friendly at all?
The Presidio is a dog friendly zone.
What days and times can I visit the Presidio?
The Presidio is open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
What is the dress code at The Presidio?
The dress code is casual.
Are dogs allowed at San Francisco Dungeon?
No dogs allowed at  San Francisco Dungeon .
Does San Francisco Dungeon offer a military discount?
San Francisco Dungeon offers a military discount.
Does the Dungeon offer free wifi?
San Francisco Dungeon does not offer free WiFi.
Is San Francisco Dungeon a good place for kids?
San Francisco Dungeon is a good place for kids.
What is the dress code?
The dress code is casual.
When is the San Francisco Dungeon open to the public to visit?
The San Francisco Dungeon is open from 11am to 7pm Sunday - Thursday and 10am to 7pm Fridays and Saturdays.
When is San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge open to the public?
The San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge is open 24 hours, 7 days a week.
Can I park my car at Walt Disney Family Museum?
Walt Disney Family Museum has no parking available.
Do the rooms have WiFi?
Walt Disney Family Museum offers free WiFi.
Does Walt Disney Family Museum allow dogs?
Walt Disney Family Museum does not allow dogs.
Is Walt Disney Family Museum a good place for kids?
The Walt Disney Family Museum is a good place for kids.
Is visiting the museum by appointment only?
No, Walt Disney Family Museum is not by appointment only.
What are Walt Disney Family Museum's opening hours?
The opening hours is from 10am to 6pm except for tuesday in which they are closed for the day.
What is the dress code for the museum?
The dress code at Walt Disney Family Museum is casual.
What's the cost of admission for kids and adults at the Walt Disney Family Museum?
The admission fee at the Walt Disney Family Museum is $25 for adults and $15 for children.
Can I park my bike at Tom and Jerry's House?
The Tom and Jerry's House has no available parking.
Is Tom and Jerry's House wheelchair accessible?
Tom and Jerry's House is not wheelchair accessible.
Is your place appropriate for kids?
Tom and Jerry's House is good for kids.
Can I park my bike at Torpedo Wharf?
The Torpedo Wharf is not have any available bike parking.
How much is the entrance fee to visit Torpedo Wharf?
Torpedo Wharf doesn't charge any fee to visitors.
Can I bring my dog?
Twin Peaks is a dog friendly zone.
Do have bike parking there?
Yes, bike parking is available.
Is Twin Peaks wheelchair accessible?
No it is not wheelchair accessible.
Is parking available at Twin Peaks?
Twin Peaks has street and private lot parking.
Is this a good place to bring my kids?
Twin Peaks is good for kids.
What are the opening hours for Twin Peaks?
The opening hours of Twin Peaks is every day from 5:00 am to 12:00 am.
Is bike parking available at Union Square?
Yes, bike parking is available.
Is there a parking garage near by?
Yes, there is a parking garage at Union Square.
Is this a good place to bring my children?
Union Square is good for kids
What are the opening hours at Union Square?
Union Square is open from 6am to midnight daily.
Can I park my car at Vallejo Street Steps?
Parking is not available.
Is Vallejo Street Steps good for kids?
Vallejo Street Steps is good for kids.
Can I park my car at Wave Organ?
There is no car parking available at Wave Organ.
How much is the admission fee at Wave Organ?
Wave Organ does not charge any admission fee at all.
Is Wave Organ good for kids?
Wave Organ is good for kids.
Can I park my bike at Yoda Fountain at Lucasfilm?
No, there is no bike parking allowed at Yoda Fountain at Lucasfilm.
Does it cost any money to visit the Yoda Fountain at Lucasfilm?
It is free to visit the Yoda Fountain at Lucasfilm.
