There is a kitchen and lounge area for guests to use.
I am looking for one in Alamo Square.
Yes, Hotel Riu Plaza Fisherman's Wharf provides baggage storage for an additional charge.
High Chairs are available for babies at Plain Jane.
The ambience of Jasmine Garden is casual.
Deli Board does not currently accept Google Pay.
There is free WiFi available in all areas at the Hotel Kabuki.
Do you happen to have dry cleaning at the hotel?
Does the Tuba Authentic Turkish Restaurant offer Free Wifi?
Does Nopalito accept Apple Pay?
What kind of payment options are offered?
Does Rintaro accept reservations?
Is delivery serviced offered at The Snug?
Sure, you can try Green Tortoise Hostel.
La Tasca does not serve alcohol.
Is dry cleaning offered at Warkworth House?
I have a question--does The Marker have a fitness center there?
Roam Artisan Burgers isn't a dog friendly zones.
The front desk at the King George hotel is open for 24 hours.
Admission at the San Francisco Zoo is $23 for adults and $17 for children.
Yes Kim Son Vietnamese Restaurant has vegan friendly options available.
What kind of ambience does Pacific Cafe have?
Hi, what are the best places to see art in San Francisco?
yes, parking is available
Are there any Halal options at Rajmahal?
Admission is free for adults and children.
The payment options accepted at Shiraz Restaurant are American Express, Mastercard, and Visa.
Yes, Balmy Street Murals is in the area. Would you like more information about it?
State Bird Provisions does not have TV.
Saffron 685 does not have TV.
yeah let me go and see what i can find for you
The ambience of Han Il Kwan is casual and classy.
Do you have the opening hours for Bay City Bike Rentals and Tours?
Sugarhill Kitchen is good for groups.
Check-in time at the Orange Village Hostel is 3:00 PM.
Is the Liholiho Yacht Club good for kids?
Hotel Zoe Fisherman's Wharf has accessible parking.
Yes, the front desk opens for 24 hours.
Is bike parking allowed there?
Does the hotel have disability access for guests?
Is your desk open all night?
State Bird Provisions is not offering outdoor seats.
Is The Fly Trap a good place to bring a group?
Do the guest rooms at Acorn Guest House have safety deposit boxes?
Does Kensington Park Hotel provide room service?
Does the Wharf Inn have parking for people in wheelchairs?
Does Perilla serve alcohol?
Is outdoor seating available at Manna?
How is the ambience at Manna?
Does the restaurant serve alcohol?
I need to rent bikes in Fisherman's Wharf
Take out is available at Brenda's Meat & Three.
Bizza has street parking.
Does the San Francisco Botanical Garden allow dogs?
There is no wheelchair accessibility at YU GARDEN.
The Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen does offer vegan friendly options.
Does Tselogs offer delivery?
Yes, The Little Chihuahua offers take-out ordering.
WiFi is free in all rooms at Hotel Nikko.
Do you guys do any kind of happy hour specials?
Can I order delivery from Besharam?
Does this site have any outdoor seating available?
Does this site have any outdoor seating available?
Does this site have any outdoor seating available?
Does this site have any outdoor seating available?
Does this site have any outdoor seating available?
Does this site have any outdoor seating available?
Yes.The Ramp offers live music.
sure yeah is there is there any hotels anywhere in the city that are four stars
The check-in time for the Hotel Boheme starts at 2 pm and ends at 11 pm.
Is it very quiet at Sutro's at The Cliff House?
What payment options are at Warakubune Sushi?
Vegetarian friendly options are available at Stem Kitchen & Garden.
Can I park my car at Legion of Honor?
Hogwash does offer free WiFi.
The parking is free at Hamilton Lodge and no reservation is needed.
There is street parking only at Craftsman and Wolves.
Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar has bike parking available
Are the rooms at Hotel Sunrise air-conditioned?
yes there is a full bar
Does Liholiho Yacht Club accept Bitcoin?
Can I bring my dog to Perilla?
Delivery is not offered here.
There is no swimming pool onsite at University Arms Hotel.
What payment options are available at Hinodeya Ramen Bar?
What is the ambience of Nopa?
Are there TVs in the room?
San Francisco City Hall is located in Civic Center. Would you like the address?
Does Michaelhouse Cafe offer BYOB?
Is alcohol served at A Mano?
What languages does your staff speak?
What languages does your staff speak?
What languages does your staff speak?
Yes, rooms at Courtyard by Marriott Fishermans Wharf are heated.
Alexander's Steakhouse does not offer delivery service.
Do your rooms have air conditioning?
cool is there a phone number i can call just in case
I was wondering does this inn carry wifi?
Do you have happy hour and serve alcohol?
Do you have any sort of facilities for conventions?
Dry cleaning is offered at an additional charge.
Kim Son Vietnamese Restaurant is good for groups.
No, the restaurant is not good for kids.
Does Legion of Honor offer free WiFi?
The noise level at Coqueta is average.
The Hobsons House provides daily housekeeping service.
Yes, I'd like to know the parking details at Embarcadero Waterfront.
Does Octavia have TVs?
Nourish Cafe doesn't support reservation service to customers.
The HOTPOT does not have any halal options.
Starbelly does take reservations.
Is there accessible parking at the Leverton House?
Is La Mediterranee by appointment only?
Does the Inn at Union Square, a Greystone Hotel provides a daily housekeeping service?
Apple Pay is not accepted at the Nob Hill Cafe.
What type of art?
What's the atmosphere like?
Stix does not have TV.
There is parking at Lombard Plaza Motel.
Can I use Apple Pay for my purchases at Boudin Bakery & Cafe?
Do you dry cleaning available?
AYLESBRAY LODGE GUEST HOUSE has no onsite bar or restaurant.
The HI San Francisco City Center Hostel has daily housekeeping available
WiFi isn't available at Um Ma Son.
Taj Campton Place has meeting/banquet facilities available for an additional charge.
do you all provide wifi service?
Does Hinodeya Ramen Bar offer soy free options?
Does Umami Burger Soma District offer takeout?
Extra Beds are not available at the White Swan Inn.
Extra beds are available at Hotel Nikko San Francisco
Takeout is available for Basa Seafood Express but no drive thru is available.
La Raza does not have vegetarian friendly options.
Burmese Kitchen does not accept Google Pay.
Hi, do you serve alcohol?
Hi, do you serve alcohol?
Yes, this hotel provide concierge service.
Free off-street parking is offered at Lan Hong House.
Do you have a place to store my baggage?
Is there any swimming pool onsite?
Do I have to reserve parking?
Are does allowed at Craftsman and Wolves?
Can I book a reservation at Travellers Rest?
Roma Antica accepts credit cards.
Yes, Filbert Steps is good for kids.
Pampanguena Cuisine offers take-out ordering.
Sounds good, what is the address, phone number and zip code? And check if there a table for 5 people for Thursday at 1:30pm.
The Soulva restaurant offers street parking.
Does Tacos El Patron take Apple Pay?
Frankie and Bennys is wheelchair accessible.
No, Pacific Cafe does not have happy hour.
Can you tell me if they offer daily housekeeping services?
Appointments are not necessary at DragonEats.
Is this place good for groups?
Is this place good for groups?
Is this place good for groups?
Is this place good for groups?
Is this place good for groups?
No, Apple Pay is not accepted at Underdogs Too.
That sounds good, but what is the parking situation at the Palace of Fine Arts?
There is free WiFi in the public areas of the Minna Hotel.
Does Pakwan Restaurant offer take-out?
Ample off street car parking is available at Allenbell.
Their address is 1500 Broadway, their zip code is 94109 and their phone number is (415) 409-8226. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Is there patio seating?
HOBSONS HOUSE does not provide a shuttle service.
I'm not concerned with their number of stars. Do you have any recommendation from them?
Shuttle service is available at Washington Square Inn.
Perilla has vegan options available.
What payment options are offered at the Taylor Hotel San Francisco?
could you please give me the zip code and phone number for that location please
The Axiom hotel requires a credit card and photo ID upon check-in. The Axiom accepts American Express, Visa, Mastercard, Diners Club, JCB and Discover cards.
You are allowed to park bikes at CatHead's BBQ.
yeah let me see what i can find. ok so there is alcatraz island is that something you'd be interested in
Does the J Restaurant  serve Alcohol?
There are not available areas for meetings or banquets at Limehouse.
What is noise level at The Flying Falafel?
Fayala offers take-out ordering.
Yes, this establishment is kid-friendly.
There is street parking only at Rooster & Rice.
There is street parking only at Rooster & Rice.
Does Plain Jane offer happy hour specials?
The Tony's Pizza Napoletana restaurant is good for kids.
Extra beds are not available at the Union Square Plaza Hotel.
What payment types are accepted at Grubbin?
The Yippee Noodle Bar does not offer gluten free options.
Does Don Pasquale have take out service?
La Mimosa accepts all major credit cards.
Will we be able to eat at a table outside?
There is accessible parking on site.
Are reservations accepted?
Are reservations accepted?
is Pacific Cafe good for kids?
Yes, could you tell me what the opening hours are at the Welcome Center?
Drive-thru option is not available to pick up order at The Little Chihuahua.
What languages are spoken at your hotel?
What languages are spoken at your hotel?
What languages are spoken at your hotel?
Then you'll want the Fog Harbor Fish House. Can I make you a reservation?
Is Super Duper Burgers good for kids?
Is there wheel chair access at this location?
Yes, Craftsman and Wolves has free WiFi.
Accessible parking is not available at Alexander Bed and Breakfast.
Does the Souvla offer Free Wifi?.
You can park your bike at Bon, Nene.
Does Fairmont San Francisco have restaurants/bars onsite?
Take-out ordering is offered at Marnee Thai.
The noise level at Atelier Crenn is average.
Free off-street parking is available at Kohinoor.
uhhh hi i'm looking to find a museum uhhh for a place to go a museum in fisherman's wharf
The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen serves beer & wine only.
Hakka does not offer free WiFi.
Does Haas-Lilienthal House offer military discount?
Dress code at Sushirrito is  Casual.
High chairs are available at Curry Queen.
Souvla does not accept Cryptocurrency.
No, dogs aren't allowed at Ramenwell.
Sesame Restaurant and Bar is not wheelchair accessible.
Does New Fortune Restaurant offer delivery service?
Is WiFi available at The Monk's Kettle?
No, Kin Khao does not accept Apple Pay.
Do you have a fitness center?
Can my dog stay in the room?
Does Mama's On Washington Square offer delivery?
a dry cleaning service is provided for an additional charge
They have a ZIP code of 94102. May I look up anything else for you?
Is bicycle parking available at Sam Wo Restaurant?
There is a television at Great Mongolia Nomads Restaurant.
check in time is 3pm at Hotel Nikko San Francisco
ohhh well i'm specifically looking for chinese food
24-hour front desk service is available at Ram's Hotel.
The check-in time starts at 3:00pm.
The Grant Plaza Hotel provides daily housekeeping service
I would like one that is 3 stars. Does that fit this one?
Checkout is at 12:00pm
There is free parking at Bridge Guest House.
The Presidio Parkway Inn has parking available onsite
Security desposits are required at Allenbell.
What's your minimum age for check-in?
Yes, Delicious Dim Sum is good for kids.
Fitzbillies doesn't take reservations.
The Admiral Hotel does not offer any laundry services.
No, The Gandhi does not have outdoor seating.
Yes, you can make reservations for this restaurant.
I think you will be pleased with the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art on 3rd st. Can I give you more information?
Is there free wifi at Uno Dos Tacos?
Can we sit outside at Besharam?
Sessions at the Presidio only accepts credit card for payment method.
Are there any fitness center or gym onsite/
High Chairs are not available at Cuisine of Nepal.
Will I be able to get room service at the hotel?
I'm in a book club, is Souvla a good place for groups to meet?
Do you provide safety deposit boxes in your rooms?
Ambience is casual at Rusty's Southern.
Is the front desk at the Bridge Guest House open for 24 hours?
Is there any discoust for children?
Are pets allowed at The Suites at Fisherman's Wharf?
Is smoking allowed on the property?
Where can I park at Nob Hill Cafe?
Take-out ordering is offered at Rooster & Rice.
Can I dine outside at Helmand Palace?
Is the Hard Knox Cafe a good place for a group of people?
ummm in that case well can you uhhh like while booking for my uhhh room uhhh can you just call them up and you know check if they're wheelchair accessible
Does The Pawn Shop offer outdoor seating?
Atelier Crenn does not have a happy hour.
Hey, does Perilla have bike parking available?
My Tofu House does not offer bike parking.
No you can not.
I'm sorry, there are no restaurants in Fisherman's Wharf that serve Izakaya food at any price point. Can I look for something else for you?
uhhh would you be able to check if it's soy free uhhh if it has soy free options on the menu
Alcohol is not served at this establishment.
Alcohol is not served at this establishment.
Alcohol is not served at this establishment.
Yes, they serve beer and wine only.
Yes, they serve beer and wine only.
The front desk at San Francisco Marriott Fisherman's Wharf is open 24 hours.
Is this place kid friendly?
Is this place kid friendly?
Is this place kid friendly?
The ambience of Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine is casual.
JW Marriott San Francisco Union Square does not have a designated smoking area.
Does Pizza Hut City Centre have alcohol?
Does The Fly Trap take reservations?
yes they have high chairs available
Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine does have high chairs available for babies.
The admission fee at Subpar Miniature Golf is $12 for adults and $8 for children.
The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen restaurant does offer outdoor seating.
Is a restaurant and a bar on site?
We don't serve alcohol here.
ok do you know if they offer daily housekeeping
The Petite Auberge offers dry cleaning services for an additional fee.
There is free accessible parking, street parking, and secured parking at the Worth House.
Yes Good Mong Kok Bakery have TV.
Is outdoor seating available at Mensho Tokyo?
There is garage and street parking.
The noise level at Proposition Chicken is average.
Papito Potrero Hill is wheelchair accessible.
ok let me see what i can find here all right unfortunately nothing is showing up in that area would somewhere else work for you instead
Does Mangal Mediterranean Restaurant have tv?
What is the dress code policy?
Yes, they offer free Wifi.
Is there a fitness center or gym at Ashley Hotel?
Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant is good for kids, as they have a play area and nearby businesses that provide children with activities.
Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine does not  offer delivery service.
Does the bookstore accept credit cards?
Madame Tussaud's does not offer bike parking.
The Willows Inn accepts most major credit cards.
A Mano does not accept Google Pay
Electric vehicle charging station
Electric vehicle charging station
Ambience of Swan Oyster Depot is Casual, Classy
Do you allow wheel chairs?
Credit cards accepted at Hotel JW Marriott San Francisco Union Square are American Express, VISA, MasterCard, DISCOVER, Diners Club, JCB, UnionPay.
WiFi is free at the Europa Hotel.
Do you offer take-out ordering?
Do you offer take-out ordering?
Can I park my car at Deccan Spice?
Are family rooms available with multiple beds at this location?
What is the security deposit at Archway House?
Does Super Duper Burgers accept takeout orders?
Tony's Pizza Napoletana has vegan friendly options.
There is free WiFi at the Aida Plaza Hotel.
Children can ride the flyer unaccompanied as long as 40 inches or taller.
Backstreet Bistro is not accessible by wheelchair.
Does Galleria have gluten free choices?
Extra beds are not available for request at HI San Francisco Downtown.
Does Mensho Tokyo support Google Pay?
Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant does not take reservations.
I need a cheap motel in Union Square
Sorry, Cool Cravings does not service alcohol.
Does Frankie and Bennys have high chairs for babies to sit in?
Does Haas-Lilienthal House accept Apple Pay?
BYOB is not possible at SALA THONG.
Does Beit Rima accept Cryptocurrency?
Is Brenda's Meat & Three good for groups?
Anywhere in the city is fine!
Yes, they have TV.
Yes, they have TV.
Yes, they have TV.
Yes, they have TV.
Yes, they have TV.
Yes, they have TV.
Yes, they have TV.
Do you have public parking?
The Hotpot does not offer take-out ordering.
Are there any restaurant or bar available on site?
An individual has to be 18 and over to check in at A and B Guest House.
Yes, the rooms at Fairmont San Francisco are air-conditioned.
Jasper's Corner Tap and Kitchen is available at this hotel.
Free English breakfast is served.
Is bike parking available at Atelier Crenn?
Can I order delivery?
What are my parking options for your restaurant?
BYOB is not available at Peking Restaraunt.
sure so i'm showing just one location with all those attributes i found a buena vista motor inn in the marina and it's cheap with a two star rating
How will I receive my booking confirmation?
How will I receive my booking confirmation?
Does the Cotogna  serve Alcohol?
Thai Time Restaurant does not take reservations.
Do I need to reserve parking at Alexander Bed and Breakfast?
Noise level is average at Rooster & Rice.
Does The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen have free wifi?
ok ummm yeah that sounds good do they have laundry facilities
How noisy is the Tasty Pot?
The Orange Village Hostel is a smoke free property.
11:00 AM is the check-out time at Signature San Francisco.
There is no parking at Union Square Plaza Hotel. There is parking nearby.
Parking is available nearby but not at Amsterdam Hostel.
sure let me look into that for you. i'm not finding a garden in twin peaks area
Is parking available at the King George?
Check-out at Home from Home is between 8 am and 10:30 am.
Hi, do you guys offer WiFi for customers there?
Street parking as available for cars at The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen
they do provide daily housekeeping service.
Does Alamo Square have a playground?
No, you may not park your bike at The 16th Avenue Tiled Steps.
Yes, New Eritrea Restaurant & Bar is kid-friendly.
Is your restaurant good for a corporate group outing?
Is there a parking garage available?
The Nirala offers halal options.
Loving Hut does not offer happy hour services.
Will there be a happy hour at Atelier Crenn?
The Axiom Hotel does not provide any shuttle services.
Does The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen accept Google Pay for payments?
The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel has a swimming pool onsite.
Yes, the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel offers daily housekeeping.
The Slug and Lettuce does not offer outdoor seating.
Is The Gandhi wheelchair accessible?
Is there WiFi at the Cable Car - Powell/Mason Line?
What is the zip code for them?
Taylor Hotel San Francisco is a smoke-free property with no designated smoking area.
Is there a safety deposit box at Huntingdon Marriott Hotel?
The Opa Cafe does offer bike parking.
Can I get the address for the dragon gate?
Are shuttles available to the airport?
What kinds of food is available?
Sure, there are a lot of options. What price range did you have in mind?
Is take out available?
No, The Fly Trap doesn't offer delivery service.
No, What The Cluck is not recommended for groups.
The Restaurant Alimentum does not offer gluten free options.
Is this place appropriate for kids?
Is La Mimosa wheelchair accessible?
What kind of atmosphere does Atelier Crenn have?
Yes, is there bike parking available at or near Hyde Street Beach?
Midsummer House Restaurant does not have halal options.
Can I park my bike there? Can you give me details?
sure that's gonna be four one five four one two zero three eight two
Does Hot Sauce and Panko have gluten free options?
Yes, dry cleaning services are available at the White Swan Inn.
WiFi is available free of charge in all areas at Axiom Hotel.
WiFi is available free of charge in all areas at Axiom Hotel.
Does The Snug accept Cryptocurrency?
Is there free WiFi at Rajmahal?
Is there any spas nearby your location?
The languages spoken at Europa Hotel are English Spanish Hindi Russian Ukrainian.
There is no designated smoking area at Avalon.
Is Google Pay accepted at A Desi Cafe?
No, Fog Harbor Fish House does not accept Cryptocurrency.
Is the front desk available 24/7?
Yes, the restaurant allows dogs.
I would like to go to a public market located in Embarcadero
Bring Your Own Bottle (BYOB) is not available at COTTO.
There are no age restriction to ride The Flyer.
Does Farmhouse Kitchen offer WiFi?
Do you serve alcohol at the Rice Boat?
where is the visitor center for San Francisco
Yes, Perilla does have TV.
Do you provide dry cleaning services?
Do you provide dry cleaning services?
Do you provide dry cleaning services?
Do you provide dry cleaning services?
No, dogs are prohibited from Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant.
sure they're located on the corners of taylor and vallejo streets and their zip code is nine four one zero one
Cozy and Vibrant is listed for Khamsa.
Do you allow pets at your hotel?
Do you allow pets at your hotel?
Yes, you can check out Tom and Jerry's House.
Is Alamo Square Seafood Grill good for kids?
Super Duper Burgers allows oder for takeouts.
There are no restaurant or bars onsite at the Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf.
Is there a place to park at Curry King?
No concierge is available.
Does Tacorea have outdoor seating?
Does Nourish Cafe have WiFi available?
The Hotel Boheme does not have any fitness centers or gyms onsite.
Is there dry cleaning service at Hotel Bijou?
Can I place an order for delivery?
Can I place an order for delivery?
Can I place an order for delivery?
Do you offer extra roll-away beds for children?
Bike parking is available at Nopalito.
Bike parking is available at Nopalito.
Is there a spa on site?
The Sugarhill Kitchen does take reservations.
What is the check-in time at your hotel?
What is the check-in time at your hotel?
Do you have delivery service in the immediate area?
Does Batteries to Bluffs Trail offer bike parking?
Pets are not allowed at the Leverton House.
no, Non-smoking rooms
Nick's Crispy Tacos is ideal for large groups.
Free WiFi is available to guests at Beuna Vista Motor Inn.
CURRY QUEEN does not have gluten free options.
Outdoor seating is available at Prezzo.
Take-out ordering is offered at Lao Table.
Does Aida Plaza Hotel provide any concierge service?
sure let me see what i can find for you all right so nothing's showing up with those specifications is there something i can change for you
Is Fayala wheel chair accessible?
Do you have guides?
They do not have a drive thru.
Does DragonEats offer take-out ordering?
Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Union Square accepts American Express, Visa, MasterCard, Diners Club, JCB, Discover, and UnionPay.
Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen is good for groups. They have plenty of tables and a spacious dining area.
Is bike parking available at Lake Merced?
Are parking reservations required at University Arms Hotel?
What is the ambience at Souvla?
Fable doesn't have Google Pay as a payment option.
there is there is the san francisco marriott in fisherman's wharf
Can we get wifi during our visit at the Wagamama?
Great, what's their ZIP code?
Is The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar wheelchair accessible?
Opa cafe is wheelchair accessible.
The noise level at Beit Rima is average.
Golden State Grill serves beer and wine only.
Do you offer wifi for customers?
No, there is no restaurant or bar onsite at Worth House.
English, Spanish, Hindi, Italian, and Chinese are spoken at this hotel.
Dogs are not allowed at Golden State Grill.
Yes are there any nice landmarks to visit in the Russian Hill area?
Does Proposition Chicken serve beer and wine?
There are four different credit and debit cards available for payment at the Hotel Riu Plaza Fisherman's Wharf.
Is Octavia good for groups?
Shalimar does have Happy Hour!
Does Uno Dos Tacos accept Cryptocurrency?
They do not accept cryptocurrency.
THANH BINH does not take reservations.
Can I park my bike at Boba Guys?
Dojo Noodle Bar is not wheelchair accessible.
Yes, there is a shuttle service available with additional charge.
Google Pay is not accepted at Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine.
Children cannot stay at Arbury Lodge Guesthouse.
Is there any outdoor seating at your restaurant?
Is there any outdoor seating at your restaurant?
Yes, do you have a happy hour?
Is WiFi available at your location?
is bike parking available?
Are there any accessible parking onsite?
What payment options does Exploratorium After Dark accept?
Pier Market Seafood Restaurant is perfect for group like customers.
The Jasmine Garden restaurant is good for groups of people.
Halal options are not offered at De Luca Cucina and Bar.
Pets are not allowed at Adelaide Hostel.
Heating is provided at the Civic Center Motor Inn.
Alexander Bed and Breakfast does not have lift.
Am I allowed to smoke at The Snug?
You may park your car at Gozu but like everywhere in San Francisco, it's street parking.
Yes, the rooms all have AC.
No there is no age restrictions here.
Outdoor seating is not available at The Lucky Star.
Is there Happy hour at your place?
There is a happy hour at Beit Rima.
Rooster & Rice does not allow to bring dogs.
You cannot pick up your order from The Cheesecake Factory at a drive through.
do they have any age restriction to stay or check-in?
zip code nine four one zero two
WiFi service is available in all areas and is free of charge at Inn on Folsom, San Francisco.
and what about zip code and phone number
Do you have anything my kids would like?
No free wifi is provided at Tacko.
What kind of drinks does the Dumpling Kitchen?
Is Ferry Building Marketplace good for kids?
Cuisine of Nepal does not accept Apple Pay.
Can I bring my dog to Dumpling Alley?
No, Nojo Ramen Tavern doesn't offer delivery.
Will someone in a wheelchair be able to access the McKinley Square Park Foundation?
Can I pay there with Google Pay?
Breakfast can be eaten from the Americano Restaurant & Bar.
Average noise level at Zazie.
Curry Prince does not offer take-out ordering.
What parking options are available at Birdsong?
Jake's Steaks does not accept Apple Pay.
Breakfast is not offered at Winsor Hotel.
This hotel accepts payment with Mastercard, Visa, Carte Blanche, Diners Club, JCB, Union Pay, and Discover.
The check-out time is 11AM at the latest.
Is bike parking available at Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen?
Is bike parking available at Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen?
There is a shared kitchen available.
I need to know if I'd be able to park there.
Yes, Restaurant Alimentum is wheelchair accessible.
There are no halal options in its' menus.
Pier 33 is a great place to visit. Would you like to learn more about it?
Khamsa does not offer happy hour services.
Does A La Truce Restaurant have TV?
so unfortunately i'm not able to find one that's in for that price range
Yes, take-out is available.
Molinari Delicatessen does not have WiFi.
Is Nob Hill Cafe good for kids?
No you can park without a reservation for $ 78.66 per day
Are you allowed to bring in your own beverages?
BYOB is not allowed at Nandos City Centre.
Yes, the Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Union Square has an elevator.
The front desk is open 24 hours at Civic Center Motor Inn.
What forms of payment do you accept?
What forms of payment do you accept?
What forms of payment do you accept?
What forms of payment do you accept?
What forms of payment do you accept?
What forms of payment do you accept?
What forms of payment do you accept?
What forms of payment do you accept?
What forms of payment do you accept?
What forms of payment do you accept?
What forms of payment do you accept?
What forms of payment do you accept?
What forms of payment do you accept?
Is Lao Table a kid-friendly spot?
LA TASCA is not wheelchair accessible.
Museum Of 3D Illusions is appropriate for children.
Hyde Street Beach is the name of the beach. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Tselogs does not serve any alcohol.
Do you provide things for disabled people?
Do you have hatal options?
yeah definitely their phone number is four one five eight three one twenty seven hundred
Does The Rotunda take reservations?
The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway isn't vegetarian friendly.
Does Papito Potrero Hill accept cryptocurrency?
Tacorea does not take reservations.
Dumpling Alley is good for groups.
Crepes On Cole offers outdoor seating.
Do you allow pets?
Do you allow pets?
Do you allow pets?
Do you allow pets?
Do you allow pets?
Do you allow pets?
The noise level is considered average at Bizza.
Outdoor seating is available at Sessions at the Presidio.
Do you allow pets there?
the front desk offers baggage storage.
Yes, Troya is good for groups.
Bike parking is available at Frisco Fried.
Do you have happy hour there?
Do you offer free WiFi at your location?
I believe that Ungrafted would be your best choice. Would you like their contact information?
Sure, their address is 495 Jefferson Street.
Do you have seating outside?
The Phoenix Hotel offers free private parking.
Are dogs allowed at the Burmese Kitchen?
The View Lounge is not a good place for children.
The noise level at Azalina's is average.
Europa Hotel's number is (415) 391-5779 and the zip code is 94133.
Is Californios good for groups?
Could I also get the phone number?
You can park on the street at Newkirk's.
Yes, Leopold's takes reservations.
is there a park in that neighborhood
Are kids good at Pampanguena Cuisine?
Yes, I'd like to visit a landmark attraction in the North Beach/Telegraph Hill area. Can you help me?
yeah let me see what we have. ok so there's nothing in that area could i check somewhere else for you
Super Duper Burgers accepts Google Pay.
How is the dress code at Foreign Cinema?
No rooms have disability access.
Street parking is available for cars at Blind Butcher.
Lan Hong House is not vegetarian friendly.
Roma Antica is good for groups.
Is there smoking allowed/
A Casual, classy ambience at Kin Khao.
There are no amuseument parks in Embarcadero. Would you like me to try a different area?
Oasis Cafe has a casual ambience.
Helmand  Palace serves beer and wine only.
Are accessible parking available at the site?
Are accessible parking available at the site?
Rooms at the Holiday Inn Express San Francisco-Union Square are air conditioned
Do you offer indoor and outdoor seating?
Heating is available in rooms at Hotel Zephyr San Francisco.
They speak Greek, English and Polish at The Cambridge Belfry.
Good Luck Dim Sum doesn't accept Google Pay, only accepts cash.
Can I bring my own beer to Prezzo?
Yes, Chelsea Inn provides daily housekeeping.
Do all of your dishes contain meat or fish?
The Yale Hotel offers free WiFi.
You can order vegetarian dishes at this restaurant.
Is Rice Boat vegetarian friendly?
Where is the designated smoking area?
Does Anchor Oyster Bar offer wifi for free?
Do you offer luggage storage?
Do you offer luggage storage?
WiFi is available at The Wharf Inn.
Good place for groups.
Frisco Fried is good for kids.
Does the Souvla have TV?
The Rice Boat does not offer free WiFi.
Does the Alcatraz Island offer free WiFi?
Yes, there are vegan options at Kasa Indian Eatery.
Plane Jane is good for groups.
Do you have a TV?
oh i've heard a lot about alcatraz thank you that sounds great can i bring my dog to alcatraz
Security deposit is not required at Hyatt Regency San Francisco.
No thanks, but instead, could you tell me what the business hours are for City Lights Bookstore?
Does The Flying Falafel have TV?
The ambiance of My Tofu House is casual and classy.
Burma Love does not have a happy hour
No Frisco Fried doesn't accept Apple Pay.
Does Rintaro serve alcohol?
Sorry, you cannot park your car at Camera Obscura.
Comfort In Bay Hotel San Francisco has facilities for disabled guests.
Is Bellota good for kids?
Do you have vegan meals?
Do you have vegan meals?
Do you have vegan meals?
Do you have vegan meals?
Do you have vegan meals?
Is Embarcadero Waterfront good for kids?
Yes, take-out ordering is available here.
Yes, take-out ordering is available here.
The A and B Guest House does not have a swimming pool.
There is free WiFi available
The check-in time at The Clift Royal Sonesta San Francisco is 3:00 PM.
No, dogs are not allowed in El Farolito.
Do you ahve take out?
There is no concierge at Ashley Hotel.
The address is 2640 Steiner St, the phone number is not listed, but the zip code is 94115. Can I do anything else for you?
what is the noise level like?
Coqueta offers delivery service.
Can you take a reservation?
Are there any vegan options on your menu?
Are there any vegan options on your menu?
Are there any vegan options on your menu?
Are there any vegan options on your menu?
Daily housekeeping service is provided at Hotel Vitale, a Joie de Vivre Hotel.
Does Ugly Duckling have any vegetarian options?
Can Plain Jane customers use Apple Pay to pay their bills?
Is there a charge for interent?
I would like a hotel with a three star rating, preferably either in the expensive or moderate range.
Do you have any rooms that have a wireless connection?
Saru Sushi Bar does not have TV.
Is there accessible parking at Carolina Bed And Breakfast?
Yes, Alcatraz Island is good for kids.
Pets are not allowed at Cityroomz.
Yes, there is parking for bikes.
WiFi is available in the rooms at W San Francisco but there is a charge of $14.95 per 24-hours.
Minimal to normal
Does the front desk at Alpha Inn and Suites open for 24 hours?
Franciscan Crab Restaurant is good for groups.
Warfield Hotel check-out time is 11:00am.
Is there a lift at the Lensfield Hotel?
FINCHES BED AND BREAKFAST does not have accessible parking.
Does Nineteen 06 Mission offer free WiFi?
so i'm not showing it has listed but judging by the pictures it does appear to be wheelchair accessible and this is the only one in that area
Check-out is until 11 AM at Civic Center INn
Does your hotel have any bars or food establishments onsite?
Is smoking allowed in the rooms or onsite?
The Hamilton Lodge offers accessible parking that requires no reservation.
Okay, is it in the moderate price range?
Sam Wo Restaurant is good for kids.
Do you accept Cryptocurrency as a payment option at this restaurant?
The noise level is typically average at Outerlands.
What lanuage is spoken at the Americania Hotel?
Parking is free at the Chelsea Inn.
Fayala is suitable for groups.
Average noise level at The View Lounge.
No, Champa Garden does not offer free WiFi.
definitely it's nine four one two two
Is Hinodeya Ramen Bar wheelchair accessible?
Manna has bike parking.
Is a fitness center available onsite?
Concierge service is available at this hotel.
Is the place casual or formal?
Can you give me the address for it?
Sure, the phone is (415) 563-6877	and this is the addres 624 Post Street
Pampanguena Cuisine does not accept Google Pay
No, Rosa's Bed and Breakfast does not have a fitness center or gym onsite.
What is your pet policy for guests?
Can I get the phone number for Kimpton Buchanan Hotel.
Fayala is good for kids.
What kind of payments do you guys offer?
The admission fee at The Flyer in San Francisco is $25 for adults and $16 for children.
You cannot bring your own alcohol into Chiquito Restaurant Bar.
Does Presidio offer any concierge services?
Does Hakka take reservations?
No, Arbury Lodge Guest House does not provide concierge service.
Do you have a take out menu available?
Does Boba Guys deliver?
Are you allowed to bring a dog to the four seasons?
Are you able to provide the opening hours of Golden Gate Bridge Welcome Center ?
A reservation is not needed in advance for parking.
No, Inn on Folsom does not provide parking.
English is the only spoken language at the Warkworth House.
check in is at 3pm
Could you give me the phone number please?
BYOB is not an option at Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop.
DragonEats does not accept Google Pay.
Sorry, there are no safety deposit boxes available at The Cambridge Belfry.
They appear to be.
Is there any restaurant or bar onsite at Grant Plaza Hotel?
Rice Boat has vegetarian friendly options.
What are the parking options at the zoo?
Does Perilla have a happy hour?
Is happy hour available?
Can dogs come to Hot Sauce and Panko?
The Pawn Shop offers happy hour specials.
uhhh how about a hotel
Is heating available?
My Tofu House offers street parking.
Marcella's Lasagneria does take reservations.
Does Bac Lieu Restaurant accept Cryptocurrency as payment?
Does the CHIQUITO RESTAURANT BAR  serve Alcohol?
No, Warakubune Sushi doesn't offer delivery.
What languages are spoken at the Orchard Hotel?
There is no charge for WiFi, which is available in guest rooms.
Do Atelier Crenn accept Apple Pay?
Does Mama's On Washington Square accept Apple Pay?
hi i was wondering if you could help me figure out whether there's an aquarium in the presidio area that i could visit
Does the Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen have wheelchair accessible?
The Front Porch is suitable for kids.
Yes, this establishment offers takeout.
Pets are not allowed at the Acorn Guest House.
Shalimar isn't a dog friendly zone.
What are the opening hours at Haas-Lilienthal House?
Does Aylesbray Lodge Guest House offer daily housekeeping service?
Elevator and disabled facilities are available at the Spero Hotel.
Yes, dogs are allowed at Nourish Cafe.
Does Buena Vista Motor Inn offer luggage storage?
Can I bring my dog to the 16th Avenue Tiled Steps?
Piccino does have vegan friendly options.
The ambience of Kung Food is casual.
What is the maximum weight to ride the Flyer?
Yes, there is happy hour.
When is the front desk open?
When is the front desk open?
Yes  Kaiju Eats Ramen and Izakaya has bike parking.
The Sitar Tandoori does not offer vegetarian friendly options.
Take out orders are available at El Farolito.
There is parking at  Hops & Hominy.
is the wifi free?
No, Burmese Kitchen has only indoor seating available.
Do you have a delivery option?
I would like two rooms from Wednesday for 4 nights.
Apple Pay is not an accepted form of payment
Morty's Delicatessen does offer street parking.
Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine does not allow dogs.
hi could you please suggest me an art museum in soma
Yes, there are meeting and banquet facilities available at the Cambridge Belfry.
The admission fee for the guided tour is $25 at Grace Cathedral.
The Progress has high chairs available for babies.
The Copper Kettle accepts major credit cards.
Do you accept pets?
How much do you charge your guests for WiFi?
Yes, this is a wheelchair accessible restaurant.
Yes, this is a wheelchair accessible restaurant.
Kokkari Estiatorio does not have outdoor seats.
Do you have any smoking rooms?
Do you have any smoking rooms?
Are parking available at the site?
No smoking is allowed at Amsterdam Hostel.
Yes, Alamo Square Seafood Grill is good for groups.
What is check-in time at the Orange Village Hostel?
It is in the moderate price range. Would you like to book a room?
Frisco Fried offers delivery service for its customers.
Howard Johnon b Wyndham San Francisco Marina District has accessible parking.
You cannot make a reservation at Michaelhouse Cafe.
How about a bookstore in the same area?
The check-in time is at 3:00 PM.
yes it is good for kids
No, they do not have TV.
No, they do not have TV.
No, they do not have TV.
No, they do not have TV.
No, they do not have TV.
No, they do not have TV.
Happy hour is offered at Super Duper Burgers.
English, Spanish and Italian are spoken at University Arms Hotel.
Mensho Tokyo does not accept Apple Pay.
Do you have a fitness center in the hotel?
You cannot park your car at Hotel Drisco. However, parking is nearby and free for guests.
How is noise level at B on the Go?
Hello. Can you please tell me a Landmark to visit in San Francisco?
Is heating available at your inn?
Pets are not allowed at Warkworth House.
Is takeout available at Newkirk's?
Do I need parking reservation for parking at this Club?
Is there minimum damage deposit?
Is Chubby Noodle a good place for children?
Hotel Boheme accepts American Express, Visa, Mastercard and Discover.
Does the SHIRAZ RESTAURANT offer gluten free options?
dry cleaning is available at Holiday Inn San Francisco - Golden Gateway
Do you have on site parking for people staying in the Hotel?
The ambience of Kitava is considered casual and classy.
Sure, can you get me the zip code and address?
There are several hotels in the area with 1-4 star ratings. Which of those ratings would work best for you?
The Snug is good for groups.
What is the ambiance of the restaurant?
What is the ambiance of the restaurant?
What is the ambiance of the restaurant?
Ebisu does not accept Apple Pay.
Do you guys have live music on the weekends?
Taj Tandoori does not offer vegetarian friendly options.
Is there secured parking available at the hotel?
Is there parking at A La Turca Restaurant?
What credit cards are excepted at Noe's Nest Bed and Breakfast.
The rooms at the Cova Hotel are heated.
Parking is free at Arbury Lodge Guesthouse.
Frascati is good for groups.
Pica Pica Arepa Kitchen has no outdoor seating.
No, Cotogna is not good for kids.
How many people and what name should I reserve that for?
Beit Rima is casual dress.
Is restaurant a good option for groups?
The ambience of Uno Dos Tacos is casual and classy.
Yes, their number is (415) 397-3510. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, the front desk in open 24 hours a day.
Take-out is offered at Karaweik Burmese Cuisine.
Cool Cravings does not take reservations.
I need a cheap hotel in Union square
perfect that sounds good ummm what's the check-in time
Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen accepts credit cards.
The St. Regis San Francisco accepts American Express, Visa, Mastercard, Diner's Club, JCB, Discover, Union Pay, and other payment methods.
Inn on Broadway does not offer breakfast options.
Grafton Hotel Restaurant does not have vegetarian friendly options.
Yes, it takes reservations.
Yes, it takes reservations.
Yes, it takes reservations.
Yes, it takes reservations.
Food: American
Is bike parking available at Pica Pica Arepa Kitchen?
How is the ambience of Cinderella Bakery & Cafe?
Outdoor seating is not available at Tandoori Palace.
Hi, I'm looking to go to a zoo in Alamo Square San Francisco, if they don't have a zoo can you recommend a Park?
There is a free continental breakfast, as well as paid options, at the Cambridge Belfry.
How much is parking at The Fairmont Heritage Place Ghiradelli Square?
What languages are spoken at Archway House?
What time of day is there live music?
Executive Hotel Vintage court has a fitness center available onsite.
There is no drive-thru at Nopalito, but pick-up is available.
Yes, there is a 24-hour front desk.
Am I allowed to smoke in the hotel?
Yes, private parking is available onsite.
Sorry, there's no happy hour offerred at this time.
The Shiraz Restaurant is not wheelchair accessible.
Does your outfit accept reservations?
Vegetarian friendly options are not available at JINLING NOODLE BAR.
Booking confirmations will be sent via text messages shortly.
Charges may apply if you bring a bet.
The Hotel Bijou is an inexpensive 3 star hotel in Union Square.
What kind of ordering is there?
Check-out time is 11 am.
Is your restaurant crowded and noisy?
The hotel offers a complementary English/Irish breakfast with coffee.
The noise level at Falafelland is average.
Is there a safety deposit box in the rooms at Home from Home?
The Limehouse does not offer an onsite swimming pool.
Are extra bed provided?
Are extra bed provided?
Are extra bed provided?
Are extra bed provided?
Are extra bed provided?
Tacos El Patron accepts Credit card,Apple Pay, and Google Pay as payment.
Is there accessible parking available for guests at the Hotel Griffon?
Lucky Pig does offer take-out ordering.
Do they have any dry cleaning facility available for guests?
Yes. Pho Huynh Hiep 2 - Kevin's Noodle House is good for kids.
Yes, do they offer takeout service?
Han Il Kwan is not dog friendly area.
There is no delivery available by MEZE BAR.
Am I able to park my vehicle at the hotel?
Ask Restaurant does not offer takeout ordering.
Does El Farolito accept Google Pay?
Zen Yai Thai Restaurant does have TV.
Casual attire is the dress code at Alcatraz Island.
Is Apple Pay accepted at San Francisco City Hall?
Can you please give me the address to the landmark?
The Subs restaurant has a noise level that is Average.
No, free wi-fi is not available within the amenities sub section.
check in time is at 3 pm
You can park on the street.
Is alcohol served at your restaurant?
Is there somewhere I could park my bike there?
The Pica Pica Arepa Kitchen restaurant accepts payment of Credit Cards.
The Gandhi does not have vegetarian friendly options.
Does the New Dumpling King have vegan friendly options?.
What The Cluck does not offer free WiFi.
Presidio Kebab offers high chairs for its customers.
Does New Dumpling King serve imported wine?
Do you offer street parking?
Do you offer street parking?
Do you offer street parking?
Does Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine serve alcohol?
The place only serves humans.
Do you have TVs there?
Do you have TVs there?
Is there a museum to see in Embarcadero, San Francisco?
Does Saru Sushi Bar have TV?
Do you have a concierge service?
Do you have a concierge service?
Do you have a concierge service?
Do you have a concierge service?
Do you have a concierge service?
Do you have a concierge service?
Yes, Tilak is good for kids.
I am not able to locate anything in the moderate price range.
Does New Eritrea Restaurant & Bar accept Apple Pay?
It does not have a delivery service.
Street parking is available at this restaurant.
Is Cool Cravings good for kids?
Backstreet Bistro does not offer free WiFi.
Does Warfield Hotel have shuttle service?
Can I order take-out at The Italian Homemade Company?
Don Pasquale Pizzeria is happy to offer free Wi-Fi.
ok let's see so there's nothing today is there another day i could put instead
Yes, rooms are air-conditioned at Cow Hollow Inn and Suites.
I have 5 listings. Do you have a preference of star rating or price range?
Is there TV at Ramenwell?
Yes, could you tell me what the parking options look like at the Exploratorium?
Take out ordering is available at Sessions at the Presidio.
Do they have a lift?
ROYAL STANDARD does not have delivery service.
Pets are not allowed to stay.
Free wi-fi is available at the Phoenix Hotel.
The Tacos El Patron does not have bike parking.
Dry cleaning service is not available at WARKWORTH HOUSE
Moderately priced 4 star hotel please.
Glaze Teriyaki is not dog friendly zone.
No mention of luggage storage but when I asked a question it says they do provide luggage storage.
Free WiFi is available at Crab House at Pier 39!
Does Admiral Hotel have swimming pool onsite?
Is there any smoking rooms at Express By Holiday Inn Cambridge?
There is no fee for WiFi at SOMA Park Inn.
There is parking at Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton.
The Hyatt Place San Francisco/Downtown does not allow reservation but offers private parking instead.
Is there outdoor seating?
Is there outdoor seating?
Is there outdoor seating?
Is there outdoor seating?
Is there outdoor seating?
Is there outdoor seating?
Is there outdoor seating?
Is there outdoor seating?
Rosa's Bed and Breakfast does not provide any shuttle service.
Do you have a vegetarian menu?
Do you have a vegetarian menu?
Do you have a vegetarian menu?
Hey, do you guys allow dogs on the premises there?
Does the loch fyne have take out?
Ramenwell doesn't offer delivery service.
Does Swan Oyster Depot have gluten free options?
Cryptocurrency is not accepted at Brenda's French Soul Food.
I would like to find a place to stay in Union Square.
Does Gourmet Burger Kitchen have parking?
Yes, extra beds are available for $10 a night at Inn on Broadway.
What payments do you accept?
What payments do you accept?
What payments do you accept?
What payments do you accept?
Garage and Street parking are available at Roma Antica.
Can my dog come stay with me?
Can I get street parking at Lao Table?
There is street parking.
There is street parking.
There is street parking.
There is street parking.
There is street parking.
There is street parking.
There is street parking.
The Park Tavern and The House are very nice restaurants in North Beach. Would you like to hear more about them?
The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway does not have high chairs available.
Can I park my bike at Burmese Kitchen?
What forms of payment do you accept at you San Francisco Union Square ?
Is this a good spot for children?
The payment options available at Kim Son Vietnamese Restaurant are cash and credit cards.
Is there an elevator at the hotel?
Jake's Steaks serve wine and beer only.
Is Apple Pay accepted?
Is Apple Pay accepted?
Is Apple Pay accepted?
Yes, Sitar Tandoori takes reservations.
Does the Taboun offer Bike Parking?
American Express, Visa, Mastercard, Maestro, and Sold are the accepted means of payment at FINCHES BED AND BREAKFAST.
Do you allow pets like dogs?
Can you get me the phone number and the zip code?
Laundry facilities are offered at Alpha-Milton Guest House.
Is there an accessible handicap lift?
This restaurant does not serve alcohol.
Yes Bernal Heights Park does have a dog play area.
What is the phone number for Madame Tussauds?
What kind of restaurant is it?
Ordering delivery is not available at La Mimosa.
The front desk is open 24 hours at Laurel Inn.
Can I park my bike at Mensho Tokyo?
The Fairmont Heritage Place Ghirardelli Square has two restaurants and a bar onsite.
Do you offer reservations at this restaurant?
Is this a dog friendly restaurant?
Is The Bird good for groups?
Does Hops have happy hou?
Club Donatello is moderate in price range.
DO you all have onsite room service?
ACORN GUEST HOUSE has no meeting or banquet facilities.
Can I park my bike at Legion of Honor?
Free WiFi is available at Rosa's Bed and Breakfast.
Rintaro is good for kids.
What is the cost of security deposit?
What is the cost of security deposit?
What is the cost of security deposit?
Do you offer group seating?
Do you offer accessible parking?
Is there a dress code for Aliment?
What types of payment methods are accepted at Oasis Inn.
The Mission does not have extra beds available for requests.
University Arms Hotel has meeting/banquet facilities available for an additional charge.
Is there parking at Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine?
There's a $100 damage deposit required upon arrival at this hotel.
How can I connect to wireless?
Can I please get the address and the zip code of the Art Museum?
Dogs are not allowed.
Dogs are not allowed.
Dogs are not allowed.
Dogs are not allowed.
Dogs are not allowed.
Dogs are not allowed.
Dogs are not allowed.
Dogs are not allowed.
Is Dumpling Kitchen vegan friendly?
Yes, Sutro Baths allows dogs.
No, it is not wheelchair accessible.
Do you offer free parking ?
Molinari Delicatessen is not suitable for children.
Is there a free breakfast at the Cambridge Belfry?
No, there is not a restaurant or bar onsite at The Lensfield Hotel.
When is the check-out time at Archway House?
Are groups good at The Rotunda?
Parking is available for $25 per day.
Does Rusty's Southern take reservations?
Is parking available at Twin Peaks Hotel?
Fayala has a casual ambience.
Yes, there is free Wifi.
The address 145 Jefferson St., 94133. Unfortunately I don't have the phone number available. Can I help with anything else?
Hi, Would you help me please find a place to stay in Union Square?
Are there facilities for disabled people?
Yes, it provides bike parking.
Do you offer high chairs?
Do you offer high chairs?
Yes, Aha Fresh accepts Apple Pay.
Do you serve alcohol
The ambience is casual, trendy,  and also intimate
Bizza has television.
What is the pawn shop like?
Is Alexander's Steakhouse by appointment only?
La Mar Cebicheria Peruana is considered good for groups.
Is outdoor seating offered at Farm : Table?
Noise level at The Snug is Average.
Is there a TV at A Desi Cafe?
Visa and Mastercard are available payment options at Curry Prince.
Will a maid clean my room every day that I stay?
Does CAFFE UNO take reservations?
Boudin Bakery & Cafe does not have high chairs available for babies.
No, meeting or banquet facilities are unavailable.
EXPRESS BY HOLIDAY INN CAMBRIDGE does not provide any concierge service.
Credit cards are accepted at Smokin' Warehouse Barbecue - Sacramento Street.
Yes, Bangkok City offers free WIFI.
Take-out order is offered at The Italian Homemade Company.
Does InterContinental San Francisco charge guests for parking?
The check-out time is at 12:00 p.m.
Does Underdogs Too have gluten free options?
Outdoor seating is not available at Loving Hut.
Do have bike parking there?
definitely their phone number is four one five six three three three zero zero zero
The Lucky Star does not serve alcohol.
Is it possible to get to-go food at Cotogna?
What time does Mission Dolores Basilica open and close?
There are no halal options available at The Oak Bistro, sorry.
Is Super Duper Burgers kid friendly?
Perilla accepts credit cards.
Does Thai House Express offer bike parking?
Khamsa accepts cash and credit cards.
How much is the WiFi?
Yes SF Honey Pig Korean BBQ accepts Google Pay.
Does Cova Hotel provide extra beds upon request?
BYOB is not possible at Gourmet Burger Kitchen.
The Good Hotel offers dry cleaning for an additional charge
Craftsman and Wolves accepts credit cards, Apple Pay and Google Pay.
Piccolo Forno is wheelchair accessible.
Hi. I'd like to find a landmark in the Presidio. Can you recommend one?
First, can you tell me the San Francisco Botanical Garden's parking situation?
Can I park my car at Pier 33?
Can I go ahead and reserve a parking spot?
of course their phone number is four one five six five five nine four one three
Dry cleaning is available for an additional charge.
What payment options are available at Madame Tussauds San Francisco?
What is the check-in time at the Andrews Hotel?
English and Spanish are spoken at Motel 6 San Francisco Downtown.
The Tilden Hotel offers meeting/banquet facilities for an additional charge.
Is there a daily fee for WiFi?
Could you get me the address and phone number?
Do you know of any gardens or parks in Bernal heights?
Yes, alcohol is available there.
What payment options are available at Souvla?
What is the ambience at Woodhouse Fish?
Cuisine of Nepal has vegetarian friendly options.
Can I bring my dog to Nopa?
Is there a smoking section at Hobsons House?
Is Google Pay accepted at Pizzetta 211?
Is Beit Rima a casual dining establishment?
This is the zip code of Fort Point 94129, no address available but here is the phone number (415) 561-4959.
Yes, what is the price range for Hotel Kabuki?
Hi, are you guys a good option for kids?
I would like a moderately priced 4 star Motel please
24 hour concierge service is available.
What parking does Prezzo have?
Roam Artisan Burgers does not offer free WiFi.
There are no designated smoking areas at Hotel Vitale, a Joie de Vivre Hotel.
no they do not accept apple pay
Can I change my ticket after purchase?
Newkirk's does not accept Cryptocurrency.
If I'm going to have a car during my stay, do I need a parking reservation?
Can we sit outside?
Are there vegetarian items on the Meze Bar?
Yes, there is an onsite pool at this hotel.
Is there outdoor seating at Dumpling Alley?
What's the ambiance like over there?
Is Amarena good for groups?
hi i'm looking for a place to stay that's in the moderate price range with four stars in union square
How much will it cost to park my car during my stay?
Sure, I am looking for a hotel that offer extra beds do you?
The dress code is casual.
The dress code is casual.
The dress code is casual.
No, there is no outdoor seating at Hunan Home's Restaurant.
What is the price of parking at Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Downtown?
No ERAINA doesn't offer free WiFi.
The Front Porch has vegetarian friendly options.
can i BYOB at the backstreet bistro?
Free WiFi is not available here.
The GrilledCheezGuy has bike parking available
The dress code is casual at Kaiju Eats Ramen and Izakaya.
Kitchen Istanbul does have outdoor seating.
Does this site offer takeout ordering service?
Does this site offer takeout ordering service?
Does this site offer takeout ordering service?
The hotel has a 24 hour fitness center.
Yes, Taboun offers delivery service.
Does Yu Garden serve alcohol?
Winsor Hotel does not provide any concierge service.
It is located at Grant Ave And Bush St. Anything else I can help you with?
Do you have high chairs available for babies to sit in?
How much does it cost for parking there?
Hello. Can you please help me find art in Inner Sunset?
Is there take out ordering available here?
Can you tell me where to park at your restaurant?
Is Super Duper Burgers a good place for happy hour?
Do you take reservations online?
The payment methods available at Jinling Noodle Bar are American Express, Mastercard, and Visa.
Yes, what is the phone number for the park?
Yes, you can enjoy a free breakfast!
Yes, Balompie Cafe is good for groups.
Does Blind Butcher offer happy hour?
Can I bring my dog when I stay here?
Is Coit Tower wheelchair accessible?
Do I reserve a parking spot?
Check-out is  11 am.
Is baggage service available at this hotel location?
What languages are spoken at Cornell Hotel de France?
Yes, could you tell me what the parking options are at Mount Davidson Park please?
Is The Ramp kid friendly?
Does Tortellino offer outdoor seats?
Can I get an extra bed for my room?
Can I get an extra bed for my room?
Atelier Crenn is not kid-friendly.
definitely zip code is nine four one three three and phone number four one five four two one two three three seven
Can i make a reservation
Is Dragon Gate wheelchair accessible?
Molinari Delicatessen isn't a dog friendly zone.
ok ummm what's the name of the landmark
Can I smoke inside The Pawn Shop?
Do you provide room service?
Do you provide room service?
Do you provide room service?
Do you provide room service?
Do you provide room service?
Do you provide room service?
Do you provide room service?
Do you provide room service?
Do you provide room service?
The Alpha-Milton Guest House does not have a fitness center or gym.
Does Chubby Noodle serve alcohol?
Can I self park at your restaurant?
do you offer free wi fi
Does the hotel accept Discover?
Does Proposition Chicken have outdoor seating?
Parking is free here.
The Andrews Hotel is a 3 star hotel. Would you like me to book that for you?
What is the cost of WiFi here?
What is the cost of WiFi here?
Jiangnan Cuisine does not deliver.
Does Indi House offer live music?
No, there is no drive through at Nopalito.
Marcella's Lasagneria is suitable for children.
Are there any meeting or banquet facilities available onsite?
Pakwan Restaurant has casual ambience.
Yes, the front desk at the Fairmont San Francisco is open for 24 hours every day.
Is there a meeting room and banquet hall at your location?
Does Zazie offer take-out ordering?
Cash and credit cards are accepted by Lombard Plaza Motel.
Pets are allowed at Hotel Vitale, a Joie de Vivre Hotel but there may be an additional charge.
Is Exploratorium After Dark by appoointment only?
Does it have a 2 star rating?
DragonEats does not offer delivery service.
Cupid's Span is not wheelchair accessible.
What time does the front desk close ?
You do not need to make reservations for parking at Hotel Drisco. There is free public parking near the hotel. Reservations for parking are not possible.
Is there a particular dress code for your restaurant?
I want to go to a museum in San Francisco.
Yes, Nando's offers free off street parking as well as street and validated parking.
The Nirala does not offer live music.
you know what in the chinatown area i'm not finding any inns
How often do you provide housekeeping services?
What kind of gluten free choice restaurant offers?
Does the Jake's Steaks accept Cryptocurrency?
Yes, the Courtyard Hotel does provide daily housekeeping service.
Do you offer any halal menu options?
Yes, this facility offers a full bar.
ok sure let me see what's available. so in that area i'm not finding a hotel in lower pacific heights let me see if there's anything else i can find for you
There are high chairs available for babies.
sure let me see what i can find for you all right so there are a variety of options two of them that are very popular are ripley's believe it or not and the walt disney family museum
Wagamama has gluten free options.
If I need my luggage stored for any reason, would the hotel assist me with that?
The Souvla restaurant does serve beer & wine only.
Is WiFi available?
Is WiFi available?
Is WiFi available?
Is WiFi available?
Is WiFi available?
Is WiFi available?
Is WiFi available?
Is WiFi available?
Only on-site public parking is available at Avalon.
No, Bedouin doesn't have outdoor seats.
Disability access is provided at Hotel Zelos San Francisco.
Only cash is allowed at El Farolito.
Is there an onsite swimming pool at Limehouse?
The ambience of De Afghanan Kabob House is casual and classy.
Could I ride The Flyer while I'm pregnant?
Are groups welcomed there?
The University Arms Hotel does not have a spa.
Does the Alpha Inn and Suites offer free wifi for guests?
Parking at Mensho Tokyo is available in the garage, street and at a private lot.
What is the admission fee for California Academy of Sciences?
Do you have a minimum age restriction to check in?
Do you have a minimum age restriction to check in?
What is the address for Coit Tower?
Can I get a highchair for my young kid?
Does the RIVERSIDE BRASSERIE offer take-out ordering service to their customers?
No outdoor seatings.
No, Rich House does not offer delivery service for their customers.
Is there outdoor seating at Karaweik Burmese Cuisine?
Yes, $300 damage deposit is required on arrival.
Can I go for happy hour to Tacko?
do they have a restaurant and bar?
Yes Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine offers take-out ordering.
Is there housekeeping?
Is there outdoor seating at  Jake's Steaks?
How often are your rooms cleaned at Club Quarters Hotel in San Francisco?
There is no wheelchair access at City Stop Restaurant.
Does eraina have outdoor seating?
Does Presidio Parkway Inn have lift?
Is delivery possible at Aha Fresh?
Is parking available at New Dumpling King?
A AND B GUEST HOUSE does not have safety deposit box at the rooms.
Do you have luggage storage available if I drop off my bags early?
Room service is available at Hotel Riu Plaza Fisherman's Wharf.
Nandos City Centre does not offer free wifi.
Are you interested in seeing Dragon Gate?
Hey, can you tell me if you guys have TV's there?
do you serve alcohol?
Yes bike can be parked at Fayala.
Are there any dry cleaning services at your location?
What is your atmosphere and ambiance like?
Yes, the best option is free off street parking.
A La Turca Restaurant does not allow dogs.
Peking Restaurant accepts cash only.
Does Ram's Hotel offer extra beds?
It has a full bar.
is this place kid friendly?
Pets are allowed on request and there may be an additional charge.
is parking available?
The Little Chihuahua does have vegan options.
A shared kitchen is available at HI San Francisco Downtown Hostel.
Check-in time for guests at Club Donatello is 3:00 PM.
Does this site offer any shuttle service?
Do you take credit cards?
Do you take credit cards?
Do you take credit cards?
Do you take credit cards?
Do you take credit cards?
Do you take credit cards?
Do you take credit cards?
Do you take credit cards?
Do you take credit cards?
Do you take credit cards?
Do you take credit cards?
The ambiance at Truly Mediterranean is classy.
This restaurant serves beer and wine only.
Do you guys have free WiFi?
Gozu does not offer delivery service.
Little Gem serves Beer and Wine only.
Yes Californios accepts Apple Pay.
The Golden Gate Bridge Welcome Center is free to enter.
Does The Italian Homemade Company offer delivery service?
TV is offered at Pharaohs Mediterranean Sandwiches.
Are the rooms handicapped accessible?
No Good Mong Kok Bakery doesn't accept Google Pay.
Trendy & Classy
The noise level at Uncle Boy's is average.
Can we get an extra bed for our room?
Yes, New Dumpling King accepts reservations.
Yes. Grubbin' have TV.
There is a designated smoking area
How many stars does it have?
Dumpling Kitchen offer take out ordering as a option.
Super Duper Burgers offers happy hour specials.
Bon, Nene does have outdoor seating.
Does Foreign Cinema have TVs?
Does Admiral Hotel have the provision for extra beds?
of course their address is listed as ten ninety six point lobos avenue and their zip code is nine four one two one
Is Apple Pay an acceptable payment method?
Thai Time Restaurant is good for kids.
What is the ambience and dress code for the Old Jerusalem Restaurant?
What payment methods are accepted at Mars Bar & Restaurant?
Does Old Jerusalem Restaurant have a t.v.?
How much does admission cost at Baker Beach?
Do they offer room service
Is there a happy hour offered?
Outerlands is not good for groups
Cinderella Bakery & Cafe does accept Apple Pay.
Bangkok City does not serve halal food.
Is the front desk open all night?
Pharaohs Mediterranean Sandwiches doesn't have high chairs available for babies.
i'm unable to provide an address for the cable car but the type of attraction is that it is a cable car so it's one of those um moving cars
When does front desk service open at Ram's Hotel?
Free WiFi is available at Foreign Cinema.
Do you have high chairs for guests?
Average noise level at Thai Time Restaurant.
Are there baggage storage service?
Are there baggage storage service?
Are there baggage storage service?
Yes, Saru Sushi Bar serves alcohol
It has airport drop off for an extra charge
The phone number is (415) 921-4000. Would you need any more details?
No.  Loving Hut does not serve alcohol.
Do you have high chairs available to use?
Can you give me the address to Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf?
Does the staff speak any languages other than English?
Is the Kitchen Istanbul accepting Apple Pay?
Hi, can you let me know if you have parking there?
WiFi is free at Cow Hollow Inn and Suites.
The payment options at the Rotunda are cash or credit.
The Varsity Restaurant has high chairs available.
Yes, Cool Cravings offers vegan options.
Guests must check out of the Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Downtown by 11:00 AM.
Does the Kensington Park Hotel offer extra beds?
Yes it can be, as long as they have access to a payment card for identification.
Parking is available on the street or in a garage.
Does Marnee Thai offer take out ordering?
Is there a pool at this property?
Concierge service is not offered by FINCHES BED AND BREAKFAST.
Does THE RIVER BAR STEAKHOUSE AND GRILL have live music?
Yes, the business facilities are available with additional charges.
What is the noise level there like?
Sure, what kind of price range were you interested in?
Will I be able to get a high chair at Shanghai Family Restaurant?
Do you offer outdoor seating?
Do you offer outdoor seating?
Do you offer outdoor seating?
Do you offer outdoor seating?
Do you offer outdoor seating?
Do you offer outdoor seating?
Do you offer outdoor seating?
Do you offer outdoor seating?
Do you offer outdoor seating?
Do you offer outdoor seating?
Do you offer outdoor seating?
Do you offer outdoor seating?
Do you offer outdoor seating?
Do you offer outdoor seating?
Do you offer outdoor seating?
Do you offer outdoor seating?
They do not offer outdoor seating.
The hotel accepts cash of course as well as these credit cards American Express,Visa,Master Card ,Discover.
What forms of payment does Meghna take?
Are pets allowed at Taylor Hotel San Francisco?
There is an onsite restaurant and bar at Kimpton Buchanan Hotel.
Does the THE GARDENIA have outdoor seating?.
Panahar does not take reservations.
I would like the hotel to be 4 star if possible.
Sure, when do you want your reservation and for how many guests?
Do I need reservation for parking?
Do I need reservation for parking?
Do you offer rooms with easy access for disabled people?
Check-in is between 4 and 9 pm.
Does THANH BINH serve alcohol?
Is the hotel air-conditioned?
I want to see some art in San Francisco
Anatolia does not offer halal options.
Will you find me an expensive restaurant in the same area?
Do you have parking?
Do you have parking?
Do you have parking?
Do you have parking?
Do you have parking?
Do you have parking?
Do you have parking?
Free or fee?
What time is check-out at the Bridge Guest House?
perfect do you know if there is any facility for parking my car a garage or street parking near there
Hilton hotels are heated.
Rooster & Rice does not take reservations.
Rooster & Rice does not take reservations.
Rooster & Rice does not take reservations.
The Axiom Hotel is good. The location is 28 Cyril Magnin Street, 94102.
Does the New Eritrea Restaurant & Bar have Delivery Service?
Can I place a take-out order?
Can I place a take-out order?
No, Chelsea Inn do not provide any concierge service.
Is there bike parking?
Is there bike parking?
Is there bike parking?
Is there bike parking?
Galleria has gluten-free options.
Are there TV's at Lovejoy's Tea Room?
What type of parking does Pier Market Seafood Restaurant provide?
The address is 1 Zoo Rd and the postcode is 94132
Does Marufuku Ramen SF offer high chairs?
Yes, vegan options are available at this restaurant.
TV isn't available at Shish Ke Baba.
I was wondering if you offer delivery.
is birdsong open on sunday?
There is free WiFi available at Nojo Ramen Tavern.
Can I bring my dog to The Alembic?
Does the ALI BABA take reservations?.
There is no WiFi offered at Boudin Bakery & Cafe.
I found the Andrews Hotel. Would you like to know more?
Is credit accepted at 7D Experience?
All major credit cards are accepted at the Cambridge Chop House.
The Hotel Drisco web site shows free WiFi available
Does Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine accept Google Pay?
What is the average noise level at Nopa?
Is luggage storage offered at Hotel Spero?
No, they don't take reservation at the restaurant.
great ummm is there a facility nearby where i can park my bike
Does Pizzeria Delfina - Pacific Heights serve alcohol?
We don't offer vegetarian friendly options here.
Does Oasis Inn offer a lift?
Yes, Hotel Griffon has private parking.
Yes, a single room.
Is the Jasmine Garden welcoming to groups?
Yes, Bay City Bike Rentals and Tours offers a military discount.
Bon, Nene does not allow to bring dogs.
Sure. It is located at 145 Jefferson St. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Private parking is available at a nearby location where a reservation is not needed, but costs $62 a day
Is there wheelchair access at the Tasty Pot?
There is not dress code at B on the Go.
ok that sounds good uhhh can you give me the zip code and phone number for that please
Do you have luggage service?
Yes. On Friday and Saturday nights you can listen to live jazz music.
University Club of San Francisco has both a restaurant on bar onsite.
The noise level is average at Morty's.
When is the check-out time?
Are you wheelchair accessible
Yes, My Tofu House is good for kids.
What type of payment method do you accept?
What type of payment method do you accept?
What type of payment method do you accept?
What type of payment method do you accept?
What type of payment method do you accept?
What type of payment method do you accept?
What type of payment method do you accept?
What type of payment method do you accept?
What type of payment method do you accept?
What type of payment method do you accept?
What type of payment method do you accept?
What type of payment method do you accept?
What type of payment method do you accept?
What type of payment method do you accept?
What type of payment method do you accept?
What type of payment method do you accept?
What type of payment method do you accept?
What type of payment method do you accept?
What type of payment method do you accept?
What type of payment method do you accept?
What type of payment method do you accept?
What type of payment method do you accept?
What type of payment method do you accept?
What type of payment method do you accept?
What type of payment method do you accept?
What type of payment method do you accept?
What type of payment method do you accept?
What type of payment method do you accept?
Do you have free Wifi?
Do you have free Wifi?
Do you have free Wifi?
Does Truly Mediterranean have outdoor seats?
Is there an extra charge for my dog to stay at the Tilden Hotel?
No, Maharajah Tandoori Restaurant does not have gluten free options available in their menu.
Do you have anything for vegetarians?
Yes, designated smoking areas are available at Buena Vista Motor Inn.
Does Grubbin accept Cryptocurrency?
Can I bring my dog to Leopold's?
What is the atmosphere of Bulgara?
Apple Pay is not accepted at Taqueria Los Coyotes.
Does What The Cluck accept Google Pay?
Is street parking available at the beach?
I have made the booking for you. The confirmation code is BOLT9L.
ooo ummm maybe the glass elevator ummm what what type what type of attraction is that what is that
Does THE GOLDEN CURRY offer halal options?
Does Avalon have its own restaurant or bar?
Do I need to pay a security deposit?
Asian Box accepts only credit card for its payment method.
Can I smoke while inside?
Papito Hayes does not offer drive thru
What languages are spoken at The Clift Royal Sonesta San Francisco?
What are the hours for the front desk for Travelodge?
I want to see landmarks in Fisherman's Wharf
Cellarmaker House of Pizza does not have WiFi.
Are there any meeting or banquet facilities at City Centre North B and B?
Do you all have designated smoking areas?
There is no live music at Curry Prince.
uhhh also uhhh can you check if this place is wheelchair accessible
Visa and Mastercard are accepted at Bridge Guest House
A fitness center is available at the Kimpton Buchanan Hotel.
There is a parking lot and street parking available at Loving Hut.
Hi, do you guys accept Google Pay there?
The Fairmont Heritage accepts common credit cards including; American Express, VISA, Mastercard, and Discover.
There a lot of lodging options in Chinatown. Can you give me a price range you have in mind?
Is there any charge for staying with my pet?
Parking is $49 a day at Chancellor Hotel on Union Square.
Room service is available for guests at Orchard Garden Hotel.
Yes, the hotel has an elevator.
Does Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Downtown/Van Ness Ave have swimming pool onsite?
San Francisco Zoo doesn't support Google Pay as payment.
Does the InterContinental San Francisco have a restaurant or bar?
Is there WiFi at The Fairmont Heritage Place Ghirardelli Square ?
Check-out time at Orange Village Hostel is 11:00am.
Check-in time is at 3:30pm.
Yes, Hotel Spero has parking.
No, Blue Barn Gourmet does not accept Apple Pay.
Can I park my bicycle at Tilak?
Caffe Uno does not take reservations.
Is WiFi free at Aida Plaza Hotel?
Yes, enjoy the free WiFi at The Copper Kettle.
Additional fees may be applied for pets to stay at Hotel Zelos San Francisco.
Do you offer free Wifi?
All rooms have heating at the Cornell Hotel de France.
How does the Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Union Square sound to you?
Yes, the fitness center is available to use for an additional charge.
Is Sessions at the Presidio a kid-friendly establishment?
Does this location offer facilities for disabled guests?
Is there a lift for guest use at Aylesbray Lodge Guest House?
the inn provides facilities for disabled guests
Free wi-fi is available throughout the Howard Johnson by Wyndham San Francisco Marina District.
Pets are strictly not allowed at the Days Inn.
Does Fairmont San Francisco offer room service?
Can your rooms accommodate a crib, or can we at least get an extra bed?
Do you provide any dry cleaning services?
Do you provide any dry cleaning services?
Do you provide any dry cleaning services?
Do you provide any dry cleaning services?
Do you provide any dry cleaning services?
No they do not offer outdoor seating options.
Smoking is not allowed at Limehouse.
No there is no information that they provide happy hour.
Brenda's French Soul Food does take reservations
Is there free wifi?
Is there free wifi?
Is there free wifi?
Yes, of course they have vegan options.
Pho 2000 does not accept credit cards.
The Cambridge Chop House is not accessible by wheelchair.
parking is available at nearby locations
Guests must be 18 or older to check-in at Andrews Hotel. But there's no age restriction in staying with adults.
The Varsity does not allow BYOB.
Parking is available at Street and Private lot for Zazie's customers.
What price range are they in?
Are there elevators in Bel Air Hotel?
Is Gourmet Burger Kitchen wheelchair accessible?
Check-out is 12pm.
There is no delivery.
Do I need to make an appointment?
Piccolo Forno offers free WiFi.
You can park your bike at Super Pan.
Bike parking is available at Craftsman and Wolves.
Take out is not available at HOTEL DU VIN AND BISTRO.
Private parking is available at a location near the Inn at Union Square.
Should I make an advance reservation for parking?
Do I need to make reservations to take advantage of the free parking?
Does Hotel Du Vin And Bistro take reservations?
Do you have a minimum age requirement for those checking into the hotel?
The rooms at the Comfort Inn By the Bay Hotel in San Francisco are heated.
They offer vegan friendly options at Cuisine of Nepal.
No, they do not take reservations.
No, they do not take reservations.
No, they do not take reservations.
No, they do not take reservations.
No, they do not take reservations.
No, they do not take reservations.
No, they do not take reservations.
No, they do not take reservations.
No, they do not take reservations.
No, they do not take reservations.
No, they do not take reservations.
No, they do not take reservations.
Hamilton Lodge offers free parking.
Are there gluten-free options at Pizza Express?
Greek and English are spoken at Aylesbray Lodge Guest House.
Yu Garden does not offer delivery service.
What kind of atmosphere is this?
What kind of atmosphere is this?
There is free WiFi offered in the rooms at HI San Francisco Downtown Hostel.
Cotogna is good for groups.
No you can't BYOB at Nandos.
Free WiFi is not available at Hard Knox Cafe.
Cool Cravings is a casual restaurant.
what are the temples and churches in Fillmore?
Yes, elevator is available at Nob Hill Hotel.
Is a reservation needed at this location?
Can I bring my bike to your resturant?
BYOB is not available at Saigon City.
What kind of parking do you have?
What kind of parking do you have?
It should be cheap and have only 1 star.
Do you have to pay for Inn on Broadway?
I want a moderately priced 4 star hotel.
ok and do you have the phone number for the four seasons
Maybe, pets are allowed and extra charges may apply.
There is daily housekeeping at Hotel Zoe Fisherman's Wharf.
What is noise level at  the Bon, Nene?
Do you offer merting rooms for conferences?
Bella Trattoria allows casual attire.
Do any of them have a 2 star rating?
Dry cleaning is available at San Francico Proper Hotel.
No, Presidio Kebab isn't by appointment only.
Is there parking at the Admiral Hotel?
Are there highhcairs available at Panahar?
What cards can be used for payments?
Do you allow dogs at Hotel Riu Plaza Fisherman's Wharf?
Do they have high chairs?
Is there live music at J Restaurant in the evening?
Yes, the Hyatt Regency San Francisco provided luggage storage service.
Hyde Street Pier is open from 9:30am to 4:30pm everyday.
Is Pier 33 wheelchair accessible?
On site free parking is offered at the guest house.
There are several moderately priced hotels in the area. Would you like me to check for your availability?
You have to be at least 18 to check in at Motel 6 San Francisco Downtown.
Could someone there help me with finding things to do in the area?
Grafton Hotel Restaurant accepts American Express, Mastercard and Visa for payment options.
Does The Gardenia ever have live music?
Is parking available at Ramenwell?
Sugarhill Kitchen does have TV for viewing.
Crepes on Cole is suitable for children.
What is your check out time?
The noise level is average at La Mediterranee.
There are vegan options at Kitchen Story.
Frankie and Bennys does not offer any halal options.
Yes.You can park your bike at Bay City Bike Rentals and Tours.
The restaurant Tilak is wheelchair accessible.
I was not able to find any result for public market in the Civic Center area.
Is Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine wheelchair accessible?
No, New Fortune Restaurant is not a good place for groups.
The hotel has private, secured parking on site for GBP 14 per day.
Does Picaro have any specials?
Do you have many halal options available on the menu?
Do you offer concierge services?
Do you offer concierge services?
Do you have meeting or banquet facilities?
Is there a way to store my luggage here?
Does Birdsong accept Apple Pay?
Tselogs is good for kids.
No the Hotel Vitale, a Joie de Vivre Hotel does not have  a lift.
Yes, it provides room service.
I have Madame Tussauds San Francisco on 145 Jefferson St.
The Taqueria Los Coyotes does have TV.
Is there a smoking area at European Hostel?
Is bike parking available at Hyde Street Beach?
Is there bike parking at your restaurant?
Can I make a reservation for 6?
Parking spaces are extremely limited, and are first come first serve.
I have no listings for landmarks in Russian Hill. Would you be interested in other attractions at that location?
Saffron 685 offers happy hour.
What is the noise level Zen Yai Thai Restaurant?
Can you find out if they have bike parking there and give me the details?
AMEX, Visa and Mastercard are accepted at Gonville Hotel.
Are your rooms all heated?
New Fortune Restaurant does not have a TV.
Does HI San Francisco Downtown Hostel accept credit cards?
Opa cafe offers delivery service.
what is the ambience like at Tacos El Patron?
Does The Varsity Restaurant offer wifi?
is smoking allowed?
Yes, there are facilities that have disablity access.
Street parking is available at Tanguito.
Does Bay Bridge Inn San Francisco provide dry cleaning service?
yes the rooms are heated.
Khamsa does not have a TV.
How high is your security deposit?
Can I get extra beds at Cityroomz?
Sounds great, could I get Pier 33's address?
Perilla does not offer happy hour.
This Hyatt Place accepts American Express, Visa and Mastercard.
The address for Twin Peaks is 501 Twin Peaks Blvd.
Is there central heating and air conditioning in the rooms?
The check out time is 11:00 am
Tilak has street and bicycle parking.
How much is parking at Argonaut Hotel?
Can I bring my dog to The Italian Homemade Company?
Can you find me a place in the moderate price range?
Check in time at Hotel Del Sol is anytime after 3 PM.
Does Tacorea have vegan food?
Does Riverside Brasserie offer vegetarian options?
ok uhhh rooster and rice sounds pretty good can you get me the phone number and zip code please
Can you tell me if The Little Chihuahua has television?
You may not stay with your pets at the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge.
Sessions at the Presidio is good for kids.
All major credit cards are accepted at Prezzo.
Is there outdoor seating at Meze Bar?
Do you allow for drive-thru options?
Does Umami Burger Soma District have high chairs available for babies?
How about Belden Place? It is a hub for the city's French American community.
Han II Kwan is suitable for children.
Yes the rooms are heated.
Yes the rooms are heated.
Yes the rooms are heated.
There is street parking at Karaweik Burmese Cuisine.
Super Duper Burgers does not accept Google Pay.
Does Allenbell offer a shuttle service?
What is the check-out time at SW Hotel?
Is there a house keeping every morning?
Are extra bed available?
Are extra bed available?
Are extra bed available?
Are extra bed available?
Are extra bed available?
Are extra bed available?
Are extra bed available?
Are extra bed available?
Are extra bed available?
Are extra bed available?
Are extra bed available?
Are extra bed available?
Are extra bed available?
Are extra bed available?
Are extra bed available?
Are extra bed available?
Are extra bed available?
Are extra bed available?
Are extra bed available?
Are extra bed available?
Are extra bed available?
Are extra bed available?
Are extra bed available?
Hmm, can you give me the phone number and zip code for those? 
Does Bellota offer happy hour?
How much do you charge for Wi-fi?
Does Rajmahal serve alcohol?
There is on-site parking available!
WiFi is not free at La Mimosa, sorry.
The ambiance at Fable is classy.
do you accept apple pay
do you accept apple pay
What is the average noise level at Souvla?
Is daily housekeeping services provided at the Phoenix Hotel?
Do you have an elevator at the hotel?
Underdogs Too is a good place for children.
Are there any meeting or banquet facilities at Kirkwood House?
Kitava does not accept Apple Pay.
They have a parking garage.
Pets are not allowed here.
Pets are not allowed here.
Pets are not allowed here.
Is it okay if a member of our group is in a wheelchair?
Take-out ordering is not offered at De Luca Cucina and Bar.
Dragon Beaux does not accept Apple Pay.
Is there heat?
Does Restaurant Two Two let you bring your own bottle?
Do you offer any vegan options there?
Do you offer delivery/
Do you offer delivery/
Hey, can you let me know if it's wheelchair friendly there?
I have for you The Coit Tower in North Beach/ Telegraph Hill
Do you have high chairs there?
Do you have high chairs there?
Do yall have a dress code?
Do yall have a dress code?
How is the ambience of Rooster & Rice?
Highchairs are not available
The Flying Falafel does not accept Apple Pay.
Is your front desk open 24 hours?
Is your front desk open 24 hours?
Is your front desk open 24 hours?
The Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Downtown offers free WiFi to guests.
Jiangnan Cuisine is good for groups.
Union Square is good for kids
The Hotel Kabuki, a Joie de Vivre Hotel includes disability access.
Hi, could you tell me about places to go in the Fisherman's Wharf?
The restaurant Starbelly has outdoor seating.
No.  Wifi is not offered at Papito Hayes.
Dragon Gate is not wheelchair accessible.
sure let me see what i can find for you ok we do have two options showing up one is the holiday inn express hotel and suites fisherman's wharf and the second one is the regular holiday inn fisherman's wharf
Is there parking available for bikes at Golden State Grill?
How long before I have to check out?
WiFi is not available at Dumpling Alley.
Can you accommodate a largish group of people?
Delivery service is not available at Saigon Sandwich.
There is no designated smoking are at White San Inn.
The dress code for the Museum Of 3D Illusions is casual.
No, Oakland Museum of California is not by appointment only.
Yes Pica Pica Arepa Kitchen is good for kids.
Can children stay at this location?
There is no pool onsite at Hotel Boheme.
Sure, what price range are you looking for?
Chiquito Restaurant Bar does not offer live music.
What payment options are accepted at this location?
What payment options are accepted at this location?
What payment options are accepted at this location?
What payment options are accepted at this location?
What payment options are accepted at this location?
Rooms with disability access are available here.
Is there parking at Rooster & Rice?
Doe Kitava have a happy hour?
Average noise level at Frisco Fried.
Does the hotel have a parking area?
Is there street parking at Fayala?
Yes, Ushio Ramen is kid-friendly.
Are you kid friendly?
Are you kid friendly?
sure so we have three options for that there's one called the kimpton sir francis drake hotel the taj campton place and the marker san francisco
There are a large number of options in the Union Square area. What kind of price range are you interested in?
Dogs are not allowed at Saru Sushi Bar.
Do you offer free wifi?
Do you offer free wifi?
Do you offer free wifi?
Do you offer free wifi?
Do you offer free wifi?
Do you offer free wifi?
Do you offer free wifi?
Do you offer free wifi?
Do you offer free wifi?
Are there any hostels in Union square that aren't dirt cheap?
This facility offers a continental breakfast.
Does Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen serve alcohol?
Does Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen serve alcohol?
Smoking is not allowed at Marlowe.
Concierge service is provided at Andrews Hotel.
Yes, luggage storage is available at Columbus Inn.
yeah definitely i'm finding just one location and it's called a mano
BYOB is not an option at The Gardenia.
The check-in time at this place is 4 pm.
How is the noise level at Pizzetta 211?
Can I park my car at Aliment?
There is a fitness center available at Axiom Hotel.
Hey, do you guys have WiFi there?
Does the Lucky Pig serve alcohol?
CAROLINA BED AND BREAKFAST does not offer a concierge service.
Can I order from room service?
Yes, it is recommended for groups.
Yes, it is recommended for groups.
Yes, it is recommended for groups.
Is this a good location for groups?
Of course. The address is The Embarcadero And Beach St and the zip is 94133. How else may I help you?
Would I be able to bring my wheelchair?
Extra beds can not be requested at El Shaddai.
Can I pay with Google Pay at Little Gem?
Is there housekeeping service?
American Express, Visa, Discover and Mastercard are all accepted.
Mars Bar & Restaurant accepts credit cards.
Berber does not offer outdoor seats.
Does Michaelhouse Cafe have free wifi?
No. The Green Tortoise Hostel is a smoke-free property.
Does Hot Sauce and Panko offer delivery for orders?
Is there an age restriction for the guests at Kirkwood House?
What payment options does INDIA HOUSE offer?
Yes, the minimum age for check-in is 21.
There is nothing in your price range available in North Beach. Would you like me to look for other lodging?
When is check out time?
Is there a security deposit required at Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge?
The only payment mentioned is that Kin Khao takes credit cards.
Does Stix accept Google Pay?
No, Roma Antica does not accept Google Pay.
Alexander Bed and Breakfast accepts cash, Paypal, or UK cheque.
Lovejoy's Tea Room has vegan friendly options.
No the TV is not available.
Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine welcomes walk-in customers too.
Do you sell alcohol there?
What languages are spoken at this location?
De Afghanan Kabob House has vegetarian options available.
We have Hyde Street Beach in Fisherman's Wharf.
What is the noise level inside True Laurel?
No, Curry Queen does not offer free WiFi.
Hi, I just want to know if there's a TV there.
Marufuku Ramen SF does not take reservations.
You can try Alcatraz Island. The phone number is (415) 561-4900.
What credit cards do you acceot at Hotel Nikko?
No, the Inn on Folsom does not offer extra beds.
Does Mars Bar & Restaurant have happy hour?
I don't have a price range in mind, but can you find me a hostel with three stars?
Does Rooster & Rice have a TV?
Is take-out offered at Nopalito?
How late is the Inn on Broadway front desk open?
Street parking is available at Um Ma Son.
Cow Hollow Inn and Suites has an elevator.
New Dumpling King accepts credit cards.
No on-site parking is available at FOUND Hotel San Francisco.
Is outdoor seating available at Marcella's Lasagneria?
The Chancellor Hotel, Hotel Bijou, and The Cartwright Hotel all fit those criteria. Which would you prefer?
Hi, is there private parking there?
The noise level at Basa Seafood Express is quiet.
Do you all store luggage?
Papito Hayes offers take-out orders.
Rooster & Rice does not have outdoor seating.
No, parking is on the street.
Is there bike parking at Champa Garden?
Does Tacos El Patron allow dogs?
Do you ever offer live music?
Can I bring my dog to Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen?
Yes, Alexander's Steakhouse has free WiFi.
Do you offer any dry cleaning service?
How much does the admission cost at Legion of Honor?
Cova Hotel does have a fitness center.
Is there parking at The Halal Guys?
Do you provide heat in the rooms?
The JW Marriott San Francisco Union Square has meeting and banquet facilities availablr.
Hey, do you guys take reservations there at Stix?
Does KoJa Kitchen serve alcohol?
No, dogs are not allowed at Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen.
There is no dry cleaning service available at The Wharf Inn.
The ambience is casual at Pharaohs Mediterranean Sandwiches.
Deccan Spice serves beer and wine only.
Is Dumpling Kitchen good for kids?
No they are not wheelchair accessible.
There is a bar onsite at the hotel
They currently do not offer happy hour.
Yes please book two rooms for me.
The Twin Peaks Hotel does not offer extra beds.
Yes, accessible parking is available onsite.
Are the rooms at the InterContinental San Francisco heated?
Bizza is a good place for groups.
Does Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen have outdoor seats?
A Mano serves alcohol in its cocktail bar.
Do I have to pay for parking at Cow Hollow Inn and Suites?
The languages spoken at The Suites at Fisherman's Wharf are English, Spanish, Russian, Filipino and Chinese.
Yes. Shalimar have TV.
Yes, Pakwan Restaurant offers delivery service.
Does the Bac Lieu Restaurant have TV?
The ambience of SAJJ Mediterranean is casual and trendy.
Souvla is wheelchair accessible.
Is there free parking available?
Is there free parking available?
Is there free parking available?
Is there free parking available?
Is there free parking available?
Vegan friendly options are available at Pharaohs Mediterranean Sandwiches.
Yes, extra beds are available for $75/night.
Yes, this hotel provides free WiFi.
Is there a fee for WiFi?
What credit cards do you accept for payment?
What credit cards do you accept for payment?
Hello, do you have a happy hour?
Does Tacko offer tak out?
Delivery Service is not offered at Frankie and Bennys.
It has a one star rating. Would you like to find one with two stars instead?
The Cambridge Belfry accepts American Express, Visa, MasterCard, and Maestro Card.
The Snug restaurant does offer take-out ordering.
Does this bistro take reservations?
and what is the zip code
Free parking is available here.
Free parking is available here.
Free parking is available here.
German, English, Spanish, French, Dutch, and Chinese are spoken at Laurel Inn, a Joie de Vivre Hotel.
No. Papito Potrero Hill does not accept Apple Pay.
The rooms at the Inn at Union Square, a Greystone Hotel are heated.
Do you have onsite storage services?
Would you suggest bringing kids?
Do you offer take out ordering?
Do you offer take out ordering?
Do you offer take out ordering?
Do you offer take out ordering?
Do you offer take out ordering?
Do you offer take out ordering?
Yes, Little Gem offers take-out ordering.
I would like a room in the moderate price range.
Karaweik Burmese Cuisine is considered a good option for groups.
I would like to book 2 rooms in a hotel from Wednesday for 6 nights in Union Square.
Does CatHead's offer any vegetarian options?
EL SHADDAI offers free parking for guests.
This hotel takes all types of payments
No, DragonEats is not good for groups.
Can I park my car at Pacific Cafe?
Private parking for the Courtyard by Marriott SF costs USD 70 per day.
Is bicycle parking available at Alexander's Steakhouse?
Yes, you can book a table at Bangkok City in advance.
Does Woodhouse Fish offer takeout service?
How much does it cost for the Wi-Fi?
La Raza is not wheelchair accessible.
Will there be an extra bed available for my child?
There are three parking options at the Inn San Francisco; garage parking, street parking, and secure parking.
Do you guys offer happy hour there?
La Taqueria does not have a TV.
No, The Halal Guys does not accept Apple Pay.
uhhh let me try the rooster and rice can you get me the phone number for rooster and rice
May I bring my puppy to Thai House Express?
Yes, you can park your car at the Parker Guest House, but a reservation is required and there is a daily fee.
Taqueria Los Coyotes has street parking.
Does Thai House Express have vegan friendly options?
EFES RESTAURANT does not have outdoor seatings.
Are children allowed at your location.
Alcohol is not served.
Halal options are not offered by SHANGHAI FAMILY RESTAURANT.
Do you have outdoor seating for guests?
I am looking for a cheap hotel with a 3 star rating.
Is Google Pay accepted at Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen?
I have a listing for HI San Francisco Downtown Hostel that is rated 3 stars. Would you like me to proceed with booking?
What is the price range for rooms there?
Does Holiday Inn Express San Francisco-Union Square have rooms with disability access?
Are reservation for parking available at the site?
Yes, all the rooms have disability accessible at Ashley Hotel.
Does New Fortune Restaurant accommodate bicycle parking?
Nopalito is wheelchair accessible.
Does Dumpling Kitchen have TV?
Is there facility for people with disability?
Is there facility for people with disability?
Hi, I am looking for delivery?
Lift is availabel at Tilden Hotel.
What is the atmosphere at Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant?
Yes please. Do they offer delivery?
Can I bring my dog to A Mano?
Yes this company does
Are there exhibits there that kids would enjoy?
There is an on site coffee shop and buffet breakfast available for guests lounging at the Hilton San Francisco Union Square location.
Are you a pet friendly hotel?
What is the noise level at Bellota?
The Sons & Daughters only offer street parking nearby the restaurant.
No, unfortunately Slice House Haight by Tony Gemignani does not take reservations.
Is there a smoking area at Taj Campton Place?
sure it's listed here as american new food
Is there outdoor seating at Hong Clay Pot Restaurant?
There is no onsite spa at Limehouse.
Pharaohs Mediterranean Sandwiches does not have bike parking.
Hops & Hominy has high chairs available.
SAJJ Mediterranean does have TV.
I'm looking for a place I can visit in Russian Hill that offers local flavor.
Is there wheelchair accessibility/
No, The View Lounge does not accept Apple Pay.
Dry cleaning is available at an additional charge.
Dry cleaning is available at an additional charge.
Do you have a restaurant available onsite?
Does Brenda's French Soul Food offer Wifi?
What is the noise level at Beit Rima?
Is there bicycle parking at Franciscan Crab Restaurant?
Is The Little Chihuahua good for kids?
Do you offer wheel chair accessibility?
Do you offer wheel chair accessibility?
Do you offer wheel chair accessibility?
Yes, we have private accessible free parking.
and do you know if that place is good for kids i have uhhh a five and a seven year old
Is there a place for me to park my bike at Tanguito?
I'd like to make a reservation for this evening please?
great can i get the confirmation number please
Is Don Pasquale Pizzeria wheelchair accessible?
What time is your latest check out time ?
Are credit cards accepted at The Bird?
The Nirala accepts credit cards.
La Mediterranee offers delivery service.
Yes, they have bike parking.
Does this site offer BYOB service?
Does this site offer BYOB service?
Does Bursa have high chair for children?
Delivery service is not offered at Graffiti.
Andrews Hotel is moderately priced in Union square would you like me to make a reservation?
There is not a swimming pool at The Lensfield Hotel.
Yes, they do have a designated smoking area.
Are you open now?
WiFi at the Grant Plaza Hotel is free of charge to guests.
The Lensfield Hotel have continental breakfast for free.
Can I smoke at Leverton House?
Yes, there is an elevator
Pampanguena Cuisine accepts cash only. Credit cards, Apple Pay, and Google Pay are not accepted.
Is outdoor seating available at this location?
Do I need reservations for parking there?
Extra beds are not offered at Hotel Sunrise.
A request must be made for a pet to stay at the hotel and there will be an additional charge.
Ok, perfect. Do they offer wifi for guests and is it free?
Sesame Restaurant and Bar does not have halal options.
Can I have the confirmation number?
Pushkin does offer take-out ordering.
No, we do not have a spa onsite.
There is no extra fee to stay with pets, since pets are not allowed at the Howard Johnson hotel.
The Kitava restaurant does not have any outdoor seating.
I'd like one with a 2 star rating.
Yes, this facility has vegan-friendly options.
Rosa's Bed and Breakfast does not have any meeting or banquet facilities.
Can you tell me if Andrews Hotel has guest parking available?
Where is your parking area?
ok all right one option does show up with that it is called the alamo square seafood grill
There is no live music at SHIRAZ RESTAURANT.
It offers free WiFi.
Liholiho Yacht Club does not have a TV.
Most major credit cards are accepted at Alpha Inn and Suites.
Are credit and debit cards available as payment methods?
Is there a happy hour at Kung Food?
Pizza Express Fen Ditton does not offer live music.
that's that would be perfect perfect and can you get me the zip code for that location please
Yes, Asian Box is wheelchair accessible.
Does Da Vinci Pizzeria have free WiFi?
Does Nick's Crispy Tacos have high chairs available for babies?
Is Apple Pay accepted at your location?
Does Shalimar offer delivery service?
Can I use my season ticket to get on the train?
Kin Khao has high chairs available.
The Peking Restaurant does not have halal options.
There are no Western Addition-area parks, I'm afraid, but there are a number of parks in different areas. Would you like to explore some of those?
uhhh yeah can you actually tell me if this place is wheelchair accessible
There will be 20 GBP/night to stay with your pet.
What time is Alcatraz Island open?
Sorry, pets are not allowed at ALLENBELL.
ok let me search that all right so it's not specifying anywhere if they do or if they don't accept google pay here
Does Mars Bar & Restaurant have TV available?
Am I allowed to smoke in my room while staying at the HI San Francisco Downtown Hostel?
Reservations are not required for parking at Hotel Nikko San Francisco.
Yes, Taj Tandoori has take-out.
Does Benu serve alcohol?
Acorn Guest House does not offer concierge service.
Can you tell me if there is wifi for guests?
How much is your parking?
Do you guys have vegan options?
Do you guys have vegan options?
Can you get take-out?
Does the Pharaohs Mediterranean Sandwiches have TV?
Taqueria Los Coyotes does take reservations.
Are groups good at Subs?
The Ugly Duckling has free off-street parking.
Does the Arizmendi Bakery have vegetarian options?
Corridor Restaurant has high chairs available for use.
Yes Riverside Brasserie has vegetarian friendly options.
Is there heat in the rooms?
Is there heat in the rooms?
WiFi is available in all areas at Layne Hotel. WiFi is also free of charge.
What is your security deposit policy?
The Plaj Scandinavian Restaurant is located onsite.
Glaze Teriyaki does not take reservations.
There is no smoking allowed at the Andrews Hotel.
Does the hotel have parking available?
Is smoking allowed at Dragon Beaux?
Is there an onsite swimming pool for guests?
no life options are available
Ok, do you have the address?
Does Oasis Inn have designated areas for smoking?
Does MaMa Ji's have any television services?
Hi, is there a place where I could prepare my own meals?
Laundry services are not provided here.
Is free WiFi available at Manna?
are kids allowed at Besharam?
There is no age restriction to check-in at Carolina Bed and Breakfast.
Yes, Aliment has happy hour specials.
What is the deposit for security?
Cheap and a 2 star rating.
Yes, The Varsity Restaurant takes reservations.
What kind of noise level is at Cuisine of Nepal?
The check-in time starts at 2:00 p.m.
Can I bring a group of 10?
Where can I smoke at the motel?
Yes, you can. Parking is available.
Hi, I'm looking for a 2-star hotel and and any recommended place to visit in Union Square, Sanfrancisco.
Is Ramenwell good for kids?
The Italian Homemade Company has vegeterian friendly options.
Am I able to bring my dog to stay with me?
There is not a pool at Rosa's Bed and Breakfast.
Accepts all Credit Cards at Octavia.
The GrilledCheezGuy accepts credit cards and Apple Pay.
Yes, Tandoori Palace has take-out ordering.
There is not free wifi at the Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton.
Yes, free accessible parking is available at Cow Hollow Inn and Suites.
Can I bring my dog to Nopalito?
Payments can be made by credit cards.
sure the zip code is nine four one zero two
Does Champa Garden allow Apple Pay as a payment method?
What type of payment methods are accepted at Rin's Thai restaurant?
This restaurant serves only beer and wine.
Most major credit cards are accepted at Hotel Drisco.
Parking is available t Executive Hotel Vintage Court
can you find a hotel with moderate prices anywhere in the city
Rooster & Rice does not allow dogs.
Is the info inclusive?
Are reservations required?
Arizmendi Bakery is not good for groups.
There are two locations, one is called Gentilly which serves Cajun food and the other is the Golden State Grill which has Greek food.
Is there a dress code at Pharaohs Mediterranean Sandwiches?
Yes, can you tell me if there's parking available?
No, it is not good for kids.
No, it is not good for kids.
No, it is not good for kids.
The noise level at Ramenwell is average.
i certainly do the phone number is four one five seven two two forty four eighteen and their zip code is nine four one three three
Does Sessions at the Presidio have a designated smoke area?
Leverton House does not provide any concierge service.
The ambiance Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen is casual and classy.
Does INDIA HOUSE allow BYOB?
Wifi is free at De Luca Cucina and Bar.
Hi, do you guys have a TV in the cafe?
Hard Knox Cafe does not take reservations.
Restrooms are available for use at Alamo Square.
Sugarhill Kitchen offers delivery service.
No, Han Il Kwan does not accept Google Pay.
There is no age restriction.
Can I get the phone number for that?
Parking costs $28 per day.
When is the San Francisco Dungeon open to the public to visit?
Check-in at CITYROOMZ  is set at 13:00 - 19:00.
No, you cannot park at Beit RIma.
No, Nineteen 06 Mission is a smoke free property.
Yes, Slice House Haight by Tony Gemignani is wheelchair accessible.
Is street parking available there?
Is street parking available there?
Is The Monk's Kettle good for groups?
The Rotunda doesn't have bike parking.
Nopalito have lot of vegeterian friendly options.
Is there bike parking there?
Is there bike parking there?
Is there bike parking there?
Is there bike parking there?
Is there bike parking there?
Is there bike parking there?
Is there bike parking there?
Deccan Spice does have outdoor seating.
The reception is available for 24 hours.
Pets Not Allowed.
Do you offer bike parking there?
Saigon Sandwich has TV.
Languages spoken are English, Spanish, and French.
Street parking is available at Oasis Cafe.
Dry cleaning is provided at the Hampton Inn San Francisco Downtown/Convention Center, but for an additional charge.
Hi! Does your facility offer any WiFi services?
You must be 18 years or older to check in at Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge.
When is check-out time at Adelaide Hostel?
is a 3-star hotel okay
Yes, Lauren Inn provides daily housekeeping.
The Nirala has no outdoor seating.
Does Ashley Hotel offer accessible parking?
The Pawn Shop does not allow smoking.
Bike parking is available here.
Is delivery available at HK Fusion?
WiFi is available at Hilton San Francisco Financial District for an extra charge of USD 10 per 24 hours.
This restaurant does not take reservations.
This restaurant does not take reservations.
COTE does not offer halal options.
Are there meeting or banquet facilities at Hampton Inn San Francisco Downtown/Convention Center?
sure what i'm finding is five different locations with those specifications i recommend you checking out the grant hotel in union square
Are dogs allowed on the golf course?
There is free off-street car parking at the Allenbell.
Is this a good place for kids?
Is this a good place for kids?
Is this a good place for kids?
Does Besharam have gluten free options?
Yes, they provide shuttle service.
Pets are not allowed at the HI San Francisco Downtown Hostel.
Yes, Chubby Noodle takes reservations.
The Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Downtown does not offer extra beds.
Crepes On Cole is a good place for groups.
When is check-in time?
Hi could you help me find a two star hotel in the Marina area for this Wednesday and a total of 6 nights. I will need a confirmation number and if no room is available see if we can book it for one day pre or post Wednesday.
Accessible parking is not available at Arbury Lodge Guesthouse.
Parking is available at Sitar Tandoori.
Check-out time at Worth House is until 10:00am.
DragonEats does not offer WiFi.
Free WiFi is offered at Orchard Hotel.
Good morning, is Apple accepted for payment?
English, Spanish, German and Italian are spoken at The Grove Inn.
How much is wifi?
How much is wifi?
How much is wifi?
Yes, Corridor offers take-out.
Hyatt Place San Francisco/Downtown does not have a restaurant or bar onsite.
I may need an extra bed for my room, is that possible?
Is Presidio Kebab by appointment only?
Are banquet facilities available at Hyatt Centric Fisherman's Wharf San Francisco?
great ummm do you have the address and uhhh zip uhhh code of ina coolbrith park
Is there a TV?
Is there a TV?
Museum admission is 10 dollars for adults. Children's admission is 4 dollars. Would you like any other information?
The Cova Hotel does not have lift. There are elevators but not lift.
What languages are spoken at Hyatt Centric Fisherman's Wharf San Francisco?
Underdogs Too does not allow dogs.
I want to go to the visitor center in Bernal Hill
What cards do you take?
Can I bring my dog to Boba Guys?
Would you like to hear about Hidden Garden Steps in Inner Sunset?
There is outdoor seating but Foreign Cinema does not allow smoking.
Does Khamsa have a TV?
is it good for groups at Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar?
No, there is no age restrictions at check-in at Dakota Hostel and Hotel.
Yes, groups are accommodated.
Orchard Hotel has a lift.
Opa cafe offers both credit card and Apple Pay as payment option.
Hard Knox Cafe is suitable for groups.
Is Takara Sushi good for groups?
Kaiju Eats Ramen and Izakaya does not allow dogs.
Good day is the WiFi free?
You can choose either indoor or ourdoor seats.
Daily housekeeping is provided at the King George.
Am I able to make a reservation?
The Inn at Union Square offers free WiFi
Does Marlowe offer happy hour?
Worth House has no meeting or banquet facilities.
Yes, Loving Hut offers delivery.
Can I smoke while staying at the Cornell Hotel de France.
Kensington Park Hotel does provide a shuttle service.
No. Pho 2000  is not offering free WiFi.
Park Tavern does offer happy hour specials.
Is The Pawn Shop appropriate for children?
Leverton House offers free street and secured parking at a location nearby.
Pets are not allowed at Yale Hotel.
The noise level at Saucy Asian is average.
Street parking and a private parking lot are both available at China Beach.
What is the pricing? I need a cheap place.
Can you bring dogs?
Do you have wifi availability at your hotel?
The rooms at Good Hotel are heated.
Do you have to make reservations for Warfield Hotel parking?
Can I order delivery from Warakubune Sushi?
Does Um Ma Son accept Apple Pay?
Is smoking allowed in the rooms at this inn?
California Academy of Sciences offers garage and street parking.
Yes, Flour + Water Pizzeria has outdoor seating.
Do I need to make a reservation for parking there?
No, Dumpling Alley doesn't have a happy hour.
Is there wheelchair access here?
Yes. Sutro Baths is good for kids.
Dry Cleaning is not offered at the Cable Car Hotel.
Does Fayala offer delivery?
Dry cleaning is available for a fee
All forms of payment are accepted.
can i make a reservation
The Hotel Bijou does not offer reservations for parking, because they are not needed.
Can you look for a landmark in the same area?
Does Rooster & Rice offer outdoor seating?
Pets are not allowed at Finches Bed and breakfast.
No, the Exploratorium After Dark is not good for kids.
How much is the admission fee for Conservatory of Flowers?
Do you offer happy hour specials of any kind?
Does Express By Holiday Inn Cambridge offer accessible parking?
Pick up through the drive thru is not available at Ushio Ramen.
No. in the amenities section on Yelp for this establishment it lists that there is no TV.
Does la margherita have vegetarian pizzas?
Yes there is happy hour.
The Alembic does not accept Cryptocurrency.
Take-out is not offered.
Picaro is good for groups.
Does your restaurant feature gluten-free dishes?
J Restaurant does not have vegetarian friendly options.
Can you tell me what kind of ambience that Tanguito has?
Kaiju Eats Ramen and Izakaya is good for kids.
The Molinari Delicatessen does offer delivery service
No they do not offer take out.
No, Leopold's does not offer happy hour.
Ailment is not by appointment only.
Does Saucy Asian offer takeout?
Yes, Michaelhouse Cafe has both indoor and outdoor seating.
Is there a concierge service at Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge?
How much is your WiFi?
uhhh sounds interesting do you know if they have uh vegetarian options on their menu
The Monarch Hotel accepts American Express, Visa, MasterCard, JCB and Discover cards.
Helmand Palace does not accept Google Pay.
Do you have take-out?
Do you have take-out?
Do you have take-out?
What type of food service is available at site?
Do you have a 24-hour front desk?
Does Burma Love accept cryptocurrency?
Check-in starts at 3:00pm.
There is no fitness center at Cityroomz.
The Orchard Garden hotel sounds great. What breakfast options are available there?
The Snug has vegan and vegetarian friendly options.
Yes, Orchard Garden Hotel offers dry cleaning at an additional cost.
Hogwash does not accept Google Pay.
Do you provide safety deposit boxes here?
No, dogs are not allowed at Manna.
The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar does not offer live music.
Does the Good hotel offer extra beds?
Do you accept Google Pay as a payment option at this location?
Are meeting facilities provided there at the hotel?
Yes, elevator is available at Harbor Court Hotel.
Is take-out ordering available at Hogwash?
Yes, the Hyatt Centric Fisherman's Wharf San Francisco is located there. Would you like to book a room?
Super Duper Burgers has outside seating available.
Where can I find free parking?
Swan Oyster Depot is wheelchair accessible.
Are extra beds offered at Warfield Hotel?
Google Pay is not accepted at Pizzeria Delfina- Pacific Heights.
Does the ugly duckling have halal meals?
Is take-out ordering offered at Lao Table?
The Italian Homemade Company does not accept reservations.
Can I bring my dog to Deli Board?
Sure this is the number for Pier Market Seafood Restaurant (415) 989-7437
There is no live music at Dojo Noodle Bar.
Pier 39 is located in Fisherman's Wharf. Can I give you more information?
Pets are Allowed.charges may apply
Is there live music at this restaurant?
No, smoking is not allowed at Inn on Broadway.
Does Cotto offer gluten free options?
The Rice Boat does not offer delivery service.
There are no TVs at Cordon Bleu.
No, it is not by appointment only.
No, it is not by appointment only.
No, it is not by appointment only.
Private parking costs $60 a day.
Good afternoon, are you guys a suitable dining experience for kids?
WiFi is available to guests free of charge at the Inn at the Opera.
La Mediterranee does not include WiFi.
Yes, you can enjoy live music at this place.
Is there take out service offered?
They do not accept reservations at MaMa Ji's.
Does Asian Box take Apple Pay?
Hi, can you tell me if you have smoking rooms?
What payments are accepted?
Bangkok City restaurant does not have vegetarian options.
Sure, Club Donatello meets your criteria.
The Park Tavern serves gastropub fare or The House offers Asian Fusion cuisines. Do you want to know more about one of those?
Cotogna serves alcohol and has a full bar.
Do you just have coffee and soda or can I get alcohol with my meal?
High chairs are available at Saint Johns Chop House.
The Hotel Zoe Fisherman's Wharf offers shuttle service.
Is smoking allowed at Marlowe?
No, Flour + Water Pizzeria has no happy hour at this time.
Vegan food is available at Piccolo Forno.
do you have free wi fi
Yes, the zip code is 94127 and the phone number to reach them is (415) 664-0095.
Travelodge by Wyndham by Fisherman's Wharf offers public parking, reservations not available.
Does Corridor Restaurant offer a happy hour?
Is there any live bands that play here?
Yes, The Axiom Hotel offers baggage storage at the front desk. Would you like to go ahead and book a room?
I forgot to ask if the front desk is open 24 hours.
Check-in begins at 3:00pm.
Bella Trattoria has vegan friendly options.
Tacko does offer delivery service.
Do you offer delivery service at this restaurant?
What's the ambience at Slice House Haight by Tony Gemignani?
Is it noisy there?
Is it noisy there?
Are credit cards accepted at Papito Potrero Hill?
Can you accommodate a guest in a wheelchair?
Gluten free options are not available at this time.
Gluten free options are not available at this time.
Yes, SOMA Park Inn has public parking available on site for USD 25 per day.
Lan Hong House does not serve alcohol.
The Little Chihuahua serves beer and wine.
Do your rooms have WiFi?
it offers dry cleaning services for an additional charge.
Does Waterfront Restaurant offer delivery ?
Is there any parking available at Bay City Bike Rentals and Tours?
Kasa Indian Eatery has bike parking.
Nopa does not offer delivery service.
Is the Burmese Kitchen a good place to bring kids?
Do you have handicapped facilities?
The Shish Ke Baba restaurant offers meal delivery service.
Do you have many halal options on the menu?
Do you have any halal meals?
Does Tanguito take Apple Pay?
Does Super Pan have vegan options?
Taj Tandoori offers takeout and delivery.
Do the rooms offer air conditioning?
No, the Conservatory of Flowers does not accept Apple Pay.
The University Arms Hotel offers continental, Full English/Irish, vegetarian, vegan, and buffet for breakfast options.
What is the zip code for Hyde Street Pier?
Yes, daily housekeeping service is available at Civic Center Motor Inn.
Animals are not allowed at Burma Love.
Super Duper Burgers is good for kids.
Super Duper Burgers is good for kids.
Can you tell me if you accept checks?
Pho 2000 offers vegan friendly options.
Yes, outdoor seating is an option.
Do the rooms have heat at the King George?
Yes, Lovejoy's Tea Room has a to-go menu.
Is Conservatory of Flowers good for kids?
ok great i've got that down uhhh in the meanwhile i'm looking for a place to go uhhh particularly i'm looking for a landmark area
Can you tell me, do they speak any languages other than English there?
The check-out time at the Bridge Guest House is between 8 am and 10:30 am.
There is not a designated smoking area at Executive Hotel Vintage Court.
If I plan to stay there, should I make a reservation?
There is a restaurant and bar onsite at the Hotel Nikko San Francisco
Yes, Kasa Indian Eatery allows dogs.
Yes, they accept Google Pay.
Yes, they accept Google Pay.
De Afghanan Kabob House does not have outdoor seating.
does  De Afghanan Kabob House accept google pay?
Do they accept AMEX?
The noise level at Pushkin is loud.
Do you have an age restriction to check-in?
Are there TV's there?
Does Californios accept Apple Pay?
Is there any free WiFi here?
The WiFi is 7 GBP per day.
I'm really looking for something in the moderate price range. Any suggestions?
Can I buy a beer at Arizmendi Bakery?
Are there any meeting facilities available?
Guests must be at least 21 years of age to check-in.
Does Aliment take Apple Pay?
Continental, Full English/Irish, Vegetarian, and Gluten-free breakfast is available here for free of charge.
Yes, they offer a King room with disability access
Room service is not provided at El Shaddai.
What type of things are at Underdogs Too?
Is smoking allowed at Park Tavern?
Autumn House does have on-site laundry.
Hi. I'm trying to find a moderately priced, 4 star hotel in Union Square.
I have a couple of results. How about Pier 7?
Hey, do you guys deliver?
Yes WiFi is available at InterContinental San Francisco.
Do they have high chairs for babies?
Do you have anything vegetarian on your menu?
Byob is not possible at Grafton Hotel Restaurant.
There is street parking at Bella Trattoira.
Is smoking allowed on the hostel premises?
Do you have any vegetarian options on your menu?
There are several options in that category. Is there a particular hotel chain you would like to book?
Is Souvla a noisy place?
What payments does Little Gem accept?
I regret to inform you that there are no Argentine restaurants in NoPa in the expensive price range. May I search another way for you?
Yes, Thai House Express takes reservations.
I found several moderately priced hotels, there is the San Francisco Hilton Union Square on 333 O'Farrell Street, there is the Club Donatello located on 501 Post Street, then there's Hilton Parc 55 San Francisco Union Square on 55 Cyril Magnin Street. These are all rated 4 out of 5 stars.
Laundry is listed as a service at Luz Hotel, but not dry cleaning specifically.
Does Amarena accept Apple Pay?
Does Taboun accept Discover?
Do you have vegan items on the menu?
Only street parking is available at this park. Can I help you with anything else today?
Is there any internet service available?
Chubby Noodle has vegan and vegetarian friendly options available.
The Stix restaurant does not take reservations.
High chairs are available at Nopalito.
You must be at least 18 years of age to check-in at FINCHES BED AND BREAKFAST.
No, there is not parking available at Magowan's Infinite Mirror Maze.
Do they have an elevator at Desmond Hotel?
Parking is available at Inn San Francisco, but requires advanced reservations.
Unfortunately, this restaurant does not accept Apple Pay.
Camera Obscura is open Monday through Saturday, 11AM to 5 PM.
Is Plaj Scandinavian Restaurant & Bar good for groups?
Is there WiFi at Umami Burger Soma District?
Noise level is average at De Afghanan Kabob House
Hi, is Kung Food wheelchair accessible?
Are there high chairs available?
Apple Pay is accepted at The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen.
Yes, vegetarian options are available at Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine.
Besharam does not offer gluten free dishes.
The Snug does not offer happy hour.
What payment options do you accept?
Yes, three stars would be fine. Is the frontdesk there open 24 hours a day?
TV is not available at Fable.
Check out The Mrs. Doubtfire House, the movie that was featured in the film Mrs. Doubtfire.
Are there pets allowed at Arbury Lodge Guesthouse?
Do you have parking onsite?
Are there halal options on the menu at The Cambridge Chop House?
Parking is available at a location near The Marker San Francisco for $66.12 a day.
Can i bring my dog
Can i bring my dog
Check-in time is after 3 pm at Inn on Folsom.
Are dogs allowed at Aha Fresh?
How many restaurant are available at the site?
Hard Knox Cafe does have high chairs available for babies.
nice yeah that sounds great ummm do you have any idea or could you check for me if there's uhhh free wi-fi available there
Is the front desk at Autumn House open for 24 hours?
Yes, India House does deliver your orders.
No, reservations are not taken.
What is the noise level at Stix?
Does Kin Khao offer a good happy hour?
Fog Harbor Fish House has outdoor seats where you can eat and take in a beautiful waterfront view.
No, Lovell Lodge doesn't have a concierge service.
American Express, Visa, MasterCard, and Discover are accepted here.
American Express, Visa, MasterCard, and Discover are accepted here.
Where is parking at your location?
Could you please tell me the admission fee at Exploratorium?
Is there a bar and restaurant at this hotel?
do you have infant high chairs
What is the noise level at Thai House Express?
There is no designated smoking area because smoking is not allowed.
The wifi is free at Worth House.
Noise level is average at Um Ma Son.
Only service dogs are allowed inside Delicious Dim Sum.
Drive thru isn't available at Tacko.
What are your charges for wifi usage?
Restaurant Two Two does not have outdoor seating.
What would you say the noise level is in the restaurant?
Is there any parking?
I was wondering if you do delivery?
What's their phone number?
Sala Thong offers take-out services.
The hotel accepts American Express, Visa, Mastercard, and Discover credit cards.
Does My Tofu House have space for groups?
Apple Pay is not accepted at DragonEats.
3:00 p.m. is the check-in time for Hyatt Place San Francisco/Downtown.
Good Mong Kok Bakery is perfect for kids.
I want a museum in Presidio.
The rooms at The Wharf Inn are heated.
Anchor Oyster Bar has a casual and classy ambience.
What type of parking is available at Sutro's at The Cliff House?
Michaelhouse Cafe is wheelchair accessible.
Does Orange Village Hostel have a lift?
Tasty Pot offers a Happy Hour.
What payment methods do you accept?
What payment methods do you accept?
What payment methods do you accept?
What payment methods do you accept?
What payment methods do you accept?
What payment methods do you accept?
What payment methods do you accept?
Is Nourish Cafe a good place for a group?
Tony's Pizza Napoletana does not accept Google Pay.
Can I go there if I'm in a wheelchair?
Yes, the Hotel Bijou does provide luggage storage.
There is a full english breakfast every morning
Age restriction for check-in at Archway House is 18 years of age.
perfect thank you and could you check the availability for two rooms from tuesday for three nights
yes there are restaurants and bars
The front desk is open 24 hours at University Club of San Francisco.
Does Columbus Inn offer luggaged storage?
Hops & Hominy has a full bar.
Mahal of Cambridge offers mastercard and visa as payment options.
Hot Sauce and Panko is not suitable for groups.
Does this site offer daily housekeeping service?
Does this site offer daily housekeeping service?
Does this site offer daily housekeeping service?
Does this site offer daily housekeeping service?
Does this site offer daily housekeeping service?
Does this site offer daily housekeeping service?
Does this site offer daily housekeeping service?
Does this site offer daily housekeeping service?
Does this site offer daily housekeeping service?
Does this site offer daily housekeeping service?
Does this site offer daily housekeeping service?
Does this site offer daily housekeeping service?
Does this site offer daily housekeeping service?
Does this site offer daily housekeeping service?
Does this site offer daily housekeeping service?
Does this site offer daily housekeeping service?
Does this site offer daily housekeeping service?
Does this site offer daily housekeeping service?
Does this site offer daily housekeeping service?
Does this site offer daily housekeeping service?
Does this site offer daily housekeeping service?
Does this site offer daily housekeeping service?
Does this site offer daily housekeeping service?
There is no designated smoking area available
Do you have t.v.?
Do you have t.v.?
Do you have t.v.?
Do you have t.v.?
Do you have t.v.?
Do you have t.v.?
When is check-out time at Holiday Inn Express San Francisco - Union Square?
What hours would I be able to contact the desk check in area?
No, breakfast is not free at the Hobsons House.
Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine is suitable for groups.
The ambience is stated as Casual.
Mama's On Washington Square does offer vegan options.
The ambience at  Brenda's French Soul Food is casual and classy.
Do you have lifts to get to higher floors at Hyatt Centric Fisherman's Wharf San Francisco?
Yes. What type of place would you like to know about?
Saucy Asian does not take reservations.
The Sons & Daughters restaurant does not offer bike parking.
No, Rajmahal does not serve alcohol.
Yes, the front desk is open for 24 hours.
Yes, the front desk is open for 24 hours.
The Missing Sock does not have live music.
Tacko serves beer and wine only.
Can you find a landmark there instead?
Do you have wi-fi?
Does De Afghanan Kabob House offer high chairs?
Does Swan Oyster Depot accept Google Pay?
There is free wireless internet throughout.
Hi, is there a amusement park near the Fisherman's Wharf?
Can I have access to WiFi at the King George?
They accept credit cards.
They accept credit cards.
What is the noise level at Tilak?
Is there a fitness center or gym onsite at Finches Bed And Breakfast?
absolutely their address is one five one third street
Is parking available at Kokkari Estiatorio?
Hey, do you guys accept orders for take out?
Does Tacorea offer take-out ordering?
Yes, Pizza Hut does have gluten free options.
Hunan Home's Restaurant does offer take out ordering.
Does Dojo Noodle Bar have any vegetarian friendly options?
Extra beds are available at the Hotel Zelos San Francisco
Yes, Hotel Sunrise has daily housekeeping.
Are the rooms at the Desmond heated?
I can recommend The Axiom Hotel in Union Square
There are several options. Would you like one in the moderate or expensive range?
Google Pay is not accepted at Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar.
Anytime before 12pm.
Reservations are accepted at Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine.
Yes Starbelly has take-out ordering.
Hunan Home's Restaurant does not have TV.
No TVs at Super Duper Burgers. But they do have burgers. Lots of them.
Can I make a dinner reservation for this evening?
Yes, La Mediterranee offers high chairs for babies.
Bike parking is available at Chubby Noodle.
Do you have extra storage for excess baggage?
Does  Karaweik Burmese Cuisine accept credit cards?
It does not allow dogs.
What is the check out time for your hotel?
Is this an adult only location?
Cathead's BBQ does not accept Google Pay.
The Cova Hotel offers 24 hour front desk service.
Are dogs allowed inside the Exploratorium after dark?
What languages are spoken at Phoenix Hotel?
Does Tselogs have high chairs available?
Extra beds are free, subject to availability.
There is WiFi available in all areas at St. Regis San Francisco for $14.95 per 24 hours.
Is your establishment family friendly?
The Columbus Inn provides concierge services.
The Little Chihuahua does not offer delivery service.
Google Pay is not accepted here.
Does DragonEats serve alcohol?
There is a 10% discount available for seniors over 65 years of age.
Can I park my bike at The View Lounge?
There is an awesome attraction called The Mrs. Doubtfire House, which is the house from the Robin Williams movie.
There is no accessible parking here.
The Red Fin Restaurant & Lounge is located on-site at San Francisco Marriott Fisherman's Wharf, which serves breakfast, lunch and dinner including alcoholic beverages.
definitely their phone number is four one five five six one forty three twenty three and their zip code is nine four one two nine
Concierge service is available at Hilton Parc 55 San Francisco Union Square.
Can you help me find a luggage service?
I need a hotel in Fisherman's Wharf ASAP.
Are there any accessible parking available?
The Inn at Union Square, a Greystone Hotel had rooms with access for disabled guests.
The noise level at Hops & Hominy is loud.
Does Alamo Square have a play area for dogs?
Yes, bike parking is available at Zen Yai Thai Restaurant.
No, this is a smoke free property.
Does the Sushirrito offer delivery service?
Delivery service is offered at Rooster & Rice.
Tselogs has street parking.
Yes, you can ask for extra beds at the University Arms Hotel.
Is there live music at Hotel Du Vin and Bistro?
Hunan Home's Restaurant does have free WiFi services.
There is private parking at a nearby location and it costs $68 per day.
I want to go to a museum in Presidio
do you have bike parking
do you have bike parking
do you have bike parking
do you have bike parking
12pm is the latest checkout time at Limehouse.
Is there bike parking at Slice House Haight by Tony Gemignani?
Is there an elevator on site?
Bella Trattoria does not accept Google Pay.
Do they have wifi for guests?
Are you taking reservations?
There is required security deposit for GBP 20 per day at Cityroomz.
The entire property is non-smoking.
How loud does it get in the place?
The restaurant Stix does not have a happy hour.
What is the ambience of Aziza?
Is there a place to park near the Oak Bistro?
I found Bistro At The Cliff House. Would you like more information?
Piccino's ambience is casual and classy.
Coit Tower is located at 1 Telegraph Hill Blvd. Do you need any other information?
Do you have WiFi in the rooms, or just the lobby?
Is there tv to watch?
What cards does the Hotel accept?
Does Shish Ke Baba have vegetarian friendly options?
Does your establishment have a full bar?
Is there a non-refundable deposit required at the Warkworth House?
Average noise level at Tselogs.
No, HOME FROM HOME does not have accessibility available.
I'm Andrea. By the way, what is their check-in time?
Yes El farolito serves alcohol. Beer and wine only.
yes dogs are allowed
yes dogs are allowed
The View Lounge is not by appointment only.
Yes, DA VINCI PIZZERIA has gluten free options in the special diet menu.
Kung Food is suitable for groups.
What kind of ambiance do you offer?
Does the Chelsea Inn have lift?
How much is parking at Hotel Zelos?
Does Anchor Oyster Bar have outdoor seats?
How much does it cost to use your wifi?
Is street parking available at Hard Knox Cafe?
There is no smoking allowed at The Monk's Kettle.
Does Exploratorium accept google pay?
Does Pica Pica Arepa Kitchen deliver food?
Do you have gluten free?
Great. I'd like to book a room there. Before that, could you please check what time I can check-in there?
A reservation is required for on-site private parking at Parker Guest House.
sure let me see if there is a spot you know what not in fisherman's wharf
Is Apple Pay accepted here?
Executive Hotel Vintage Court accepts American Express, Visa, MasterCard, JCB and Discover cards.
What is the atmosphere?
What is the atmosphere?
What is the atmosphere?
What is the atmosphere?
What is the atmosphere?
What is the atmosphere?
What is the atmosphere?
What kind of parking is there at The Glass Elevators?
Yes, meeting and banquet facilities are available for an additional charge at Argonaut Hotel, a Noble House Hotel.
Brazen Head does not take reservations.
I'd recommend the Ferry Building Marketplace located at 1 Ferry Bldg.
Average noise level at Zen Yai Thai Restaurant.
Do you accept credit cards at The Progress?
Daily housekeeping is provided at Club Donatello.
Allenbell accepts all major credit/debit cards, cash, and checks.
It accepts credit cards.  No Google Pay or Apple Pay.
Zuni Cafe offers full bar.
There is take-out ordering available at Ben Thai Cafe.
Yes, this restaurant is accessible with wheelchairs.
Is Manna good for groups?
CITYROOMZ offers no kitchen for guests, instead offering only a microwave.
Pakwan Restaurant accepts both credit card and Apple Pay.
How much is for onsite parking?
Does your hotel offer dry cleaning services?
Is Take-out ordering available at Kung Food?
Cote does not allow BYOB.
Is there a  kitchen I can use?
Is Google Pay accepted at Atelier Crenn?
The noise level at Jake's Steaks is average.
Does Seven Hills have outdoor seating?
Does Hogwash offer live music?
You can park your car at The Suites at Fisherman's Wharf.
Yes, the front desk at Americania Hotel is open 24 hours.
I found no art museums in the area. However, Museum Of 3D Illusions has been rated 4.5 stars on yelp. Would like more information?
ok thank you very much hey can uh you recommend a place to stay in union square that's expensive that's a hotel with at least four stars
Takara Sushi serves beer and wine only.
Does Little Gem offer delivery service?
Is Molinari Delicatessen a dog friendly zone?
When must my family check out of The Marker?
are dry cleaning services offered?
There is only on street parking at Hunan Home's Restaurant.
dry cleaning is available at The Clift Royal Sonesta San Francisco
Street Parking is available at Taboun.
Do I need to make a reservation to come to Perilla?
Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar doesn't accept Apple Pay.
What time can I check into your Inn?
Air conditioning is available at this hotel.
Do you guys offer drive-thru pickup?
Does this site have swimming pool at the site?
Graffiti does not offer live music.
The wifi at the Travelodge, available?
Street parking is available at Pica Pica Arepa Kitchen.
Does Jake's Steaks accept Apple Pay?
The Lensfield Hotel offers a spa and wellness center onsite.
Yes, a restaurant and a bar are available onsite.
Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen does take reservations in advance.
Is parking available at the Parker Guest House?
Is parking available at the Parker Guest House?
The Argonaut Hotel, a Noble House Hotel may work for you
Check-out time is 12:00 p.m. at Carriage Inn.
Okay. I have travelodge and the wharf inn. Which one do you prefer?
Delicious Dim Sum does not accept Apple Pay.
No, there are no vegetarian options at THE MISSING SOCK.
Is there a restaurant or bar at the Leverton House?
What languages do the staff speak?
I need some assistance arranging accommodations for my stay in San Francisco.
Does Plain Jane offer free WiFi service?
What is the opening hours of San Francisco Zoo?
Is it possible to get to-go food at Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen?
Is your place kid-friendly?
Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop does not offer halal options.
The Pawn Shop restaurant has street parking nearby.
Delivery service is not available at Kaiju Eats Ramen and Izakaya.
Google Pay is not accepted by Conservatory of Flowers.
Is cryptocurrency taken at The Halal Guys?
A fee may apply to stay with your pets.
Do you have TV's for use?
Do I need to make a parking reservation?
Do I need to make a parking reservation?
Sure, I need to know how much it costs to get into San Francisco Zoo.
Coqueta does serve alcohol. There is a full bar plus happy hour.
Unfortunately, this hotel does not have breakfast options directly at this hotel.
How much is the admission fee to Exploratorium After Dark costs, for both adults and kids?
Are pets allowed at the Acorn Guest House?
Do you have any vegetarian dinner options?
Can I order something to go?
Can I order something to go?
Do you have anything on your menu for my vegan friend?
No, Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton does not offer halal options.
Does the Craftsman and Wolves have outdoor seating?.
Is Perilla wheelchair accessible?
Is Perilla wheelchair accessible?
Is there free parking at Hamilton Lodge?
Check in starts at 4pm.
Check out time is 11:00 am.
Will there be meeting or banquet hall for guest use?
Is there wifi offered at the Bel Air Hotel?
Are there spa?
Are there spa?
Are there spa?
Room service is available at the Argonaut Hotel.
It accepts credit cards and Apple Pay.
Perilla does not take reservations.
Roam Artisan Burgers is Kids-friendly and is good for kids.
I have various options in that area. Would you like to narrow it down by star rating?
Does Anatolia have high chairs?
Is Starbelly good for groups?
No, this is a no-smoking establishment.
You can pay with Mastercard, Visa, American Express or digital payments.
Hi, does Super Pan take Google Pay?
Yes .Roma Antica wheelchair accessible.
Does the Craftsman and Wolves have Delivery options?
The GrilledCheezGuy has average noise level.
Yeah, we are looking for outdoor seats do you have them?
Can I park my bike at the station?
No laundry service is available.
Do I need a reservation for Tanguito?
There is a shared kitchen available at European Hostel.
Their website says that pets are not allowed.
Yes, there is parking at Union Square Plaza Hotel.
they do actually it's four one five eight three one fifty five zero zero
Do you have a wine list?
The security deposit required to stay at Home From Home is GBP 50 per night.
Sorry, Russian Hill does not have a public market. Do you want to visit another type of attraction, or search for public market in a different area?
Check out time is 12:00PM at Americania Hotel.
What is the Check-in time?
Does Dragon Eats have WiFi?
Concierge service is available at Hayes Valley Inn.
Does Bel Air Hotel provide shuttle service?
Yes, this establishment is wheelchair accessible.
Yes, this establishment is wheelchair accessible.
Yes, Saint Johns Chop House has gluten free options.
Panahar does not have outdoor seating.
Continental breakfast is available.
Hogwash is wheelchair accessible.
Yes it has concierge service
Yes, the Hilton San Francisco Financial District does provide daily house keeping service.
The ambiance of Chubby Noodle is hipster, casual, and classy.
The Europa Hotel fits your criteria. Would you like some more information about this one?
Yes, this facility offers happy hour specials from 5:00 to 7:00 PM.
There is validated parking, street parking, and free off-street parking available at Efes.
The Bird offers outdoor seating. Their food is served in baskets creating a picnic-style ambiance.
Do you offer gluten free options on your menu?
Casual ambience of Tanguito.
The hotel staff can speak German, English, Spanish, and Chinese.
Does Boba Guys have a TV?
Does the Argonaut Hotel have a kitchen that guests can use?
Is Apple Pay accepted at La Taqueria?
There is no extra fees for pets at the Inn at the Opera, since pets are not allowed.
Yes, Umami Burger Soma District offers delivery service.
Does Dakota Hostel and Hotel have swimming pool onsite?
What is the noise level at Deli Board?
Ambience of The Snug is Casual, Trendy and Classy
Tanguito does not have WiFi.
Warkworth House does not have accessible parking.
What's the mood like at Rooster & Rice?
Does The Rotunda offer vegan meal options?
Is smoking allowed at Home From Home?
Does the Flying Falafel accept credit cards?
Yes, Champa Garden is good for groups.
Ushio Ramen has vegan friendly options.
Yes, Kymmoy has take-out ordering.
Yes, the St. Regis San Francisco Hotel on Third Street is a 5-star hotel in SoMa. Would you like more information about this hotel?
Crab House at Pier 39 does have bike parking available.
Can your restaurant accommodate a party of twenty?
Balompie Cafe offers delivery service.
Is there outdoor seating there?
Is there outdoor seating there?
Is there outdoor seating there?
Is there outdoor seating there?
Does Super Duper Burgers allow orders for takeout?
To check-in at Inn at the Opera, you must be at least 21 years old.
yes, try look for accommodation of hotel with moderate price range.
Master Card.
Hotel Boheme is 3 stars and is moderately priced.
Can I pay with Apple Pay at New Dumpling King?
What kind of atmosphere do you have?
Free parking is available onsite at the Cambridge Belfry.
They currently have 3 stars.
do you all have kitchen access for guests?
no apple pay is not acccepted here
ok ummm can you give me the address uhhh the zip code and the phone number please
Can I bring my dog with me to your hotel?
their zip code there is nine four one zero three
The pet fee at The Clift Royal Sonesta San Francisco is 75 USD per stay.
WiFi is free at the Taylor Hotel San Francisco.
Are there vegan options at Nick's Crispy Tacos?
No, there is no kitchen at alexander bed and breakfast.
It appears not to have lift services.
Does Blind Butcher offer live music?
Is free WiFi provided at Oakland Museum of California?
The restaurant does not offer delivery service.
Yes  Hinodeya Ramen Bar offesr delivery service.
Can I pick up my order from Kasa Indian Eatery through the drive thru?
Are banquet facilities available at King George?
Home From Home does not offer dry cleaning service.
WiFi is unavailable.
Is Apple Pay accepted there?
Is Apple Pay accepted there?
Is Apple Pay accepted there?
Is Apple Pay accepted there?
The Chelsea Inn does not have any bars or restaurants onsite.
Mama's On Washington Square does not offer take-out ordering.
THE COVENTRY INN OFFERS DRY CLEANING SERVICE FOR AN ADDITIONAL CHARGE.
Does Deccan Spice accept Apple Pay?
What about The Fairmont Heritage Place Ghirardelli Square? It's an expensive 5 star hotel in Fisherman's Wharf.
Stem Kitchen & Garden does offer free WiFi.
Glaze Teriyaki does not have a happy hour.
There is no designated smoking area at Allenbell.
La Mediterranee has bike parking.
Can I get the address for the alley?
Does Tartine Bakery & Cafe take reservations?
The Hotel Spero does not have a swimming pool.
Loving Hut does not offer vegan options.
Room service is not provided by Lovell Lodge.
Yes, you can book a table at this restaurant.
Does Pier Market Seafood Restaurant take Google Pay?
No pets are allowed at LIMEHOUSE.
What are their zip codes and phone numbers?
Are pets allowed?
Are pets allowed?
Are pets allowed?
Are pets allowed?
Are pets allowed?
Are pets allowed?
Are pets allowed?
Are pets allowed?
Are pets allowed?
Are pets allowed?
Yes, Perilla serves beer and wine.
Does this site offer concierge service?
Does this site offer concierge service?
Does this site offer concierge service?
Does this site offer concierge service?
Does this site offer concierge service?
Does this site offer concierge service?
Does this site offer concierge service?
Does this site offer concierge service?
Does this site offer concierge service?
Does this site offer concierge service?
Does this site offer concierge service?
I would like to find a nice attraction to go to in the Presidio area please.
Does Exploratorium After Dark accept Google Pay?
Does Cornell Hotel de France have an airport shuttle?
Yes, do they have gluten-free options?
Do you have private parking?
Do you have private parking?
Are there TV's available?
Panahar does not have any vegetarian friendly options.
I love to bring my poodle with me, are dogs allowed at your establishment?
Is Underdogs Too wheelchair accessible?
WiFi is not available at Nopa.
Does THE GARDENIA have high chairs for Babies?
Is Pushkin good for groups?
Don Pasquale Pizzeria is not wheelchair accessible at this time.
The accepted payment methods are American Express, Mastercard, Visa, Discover, JCB, Diners Club, UnionPay, and Carte Blanche.
Saffron 685 offers Garage and Street parking for customers.
Services at Finches Bed and Breakfast do not include luggage storage.
Do you offer vegetarian food?
Can I pick up my order from Kung Food through the drive thru?
Only indoor seating is available.
You can park your bike at Alamo Square Seafood Grill.
What kinds of payment does Tony's Pizza Napoletana accept?
Can we bring in our own wine?
Can we bring in our own wine?
Fayala does not accept Google Pay.
Yes, alcohol is served at this restaurant.
Cotogna does not accept Apple Pay.
Is a deposit required at the Inn?
Beit Rima serves Beer & Wine Only.
What is the normal noise level?
Do the guest rooms have air conditioning?
Do you guys have a TV?
you know in the russain hill area i'm not finding an a himalayan nepalese spot
Super Pan does not allow to bring dogs.
Yes, you can make a reservation at Kohinoor.
Yes, Chubby Noodle is good for groups.
I'm looking for a 5 star hotel in Union Square. Can you help me find one please?
The payment methods accepted by Inn San Francisco include American Express, Visa, Mastercard and Discover.
Yes, this place takes reservations.
Can you help me find a nice place to eat while in Presidio?
Show me a landmark in Fillmore.
Is Google Pay accepted at The Flying Falafel?
The noise level at Pizzetta 211 is average.
German, Italian, Spanish and English are spoken at Carolina Bed and Breakfast.
Yes, the rooms at this property are heated.
Guests can park for free on site at The Wharf Inn.
Where should I park?
Where should I park?
Where should I park?
Where should I park?
Where should I park?
Where should I park?
Where should I park?
Where should I park?
Where should I park?
Where should I park?
Travellers Rest does offer reservations.
Do you accept Apple pay as payment?
thank you and uhhh i'm also looking for art museums in the area
Pushkin is good for groups.
No, Alamo Square Seafood Grill does not have TV.
Is there somewhere in the building where I can smoke a cigarette?
Does the hotel offer breakfast?
Is Marlowe good for kids?
No, there aren't any gluten free options available at La Tasca.
Yes, table reservations are accepted.
What payments does The Snug accept?
Marufuku Ramen SF Serves Beer and Wine Only
No, SF Citadel is not kid-friendly.
Is the Brenda's Meat & Three good for kids?
Gourmet Burger Kitchen does not offer live music.
Does Saucy Asian have TV?
Does the museum accept credit cards?
May I bring my dog when I eat at your restaurant?
I'm interested in going to an art place in San Francisco.
Fayala's menu include vegan friendly selections.
Does this hotel have parking?
Do you have to pay for Wifi at Adelaide Hostel?
Does Tatsy Pot have WiFi?
Yes, a concierge is available here.
Is Azalina's wheelchair accessible?
The Pawn Shop does offer delivery  service.
Yes, what do they charge for parking?
Do you provide wifi?
WiFi is not available at The GrilledCheezGuy.
Fable does have outdoor seating.
No, they do not have TV in this restaurant.
Does El Shaddai have any rooms with disability access?
Upon request, pets are allowed while extra fees may apply.
Does it accept Discover card?
Yes, concierge service is available.
Yes, concierge service is available.
Yes, children are welcome to stay at Home From Home.
Does this restaurant serve any alcohol?
There are none with five stars available
What type of store is available at the site?
Does Saffron 685 offer WiFi?
The Kimpton Sir Francis Drake Hotel accepts Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover cards.
The noise level at Brenda's French Soul Food is normal for a restaurant.
WiFi is not offered at Rooster & Rice.
There is no free WiFi at the Curry Garden.
The Gonville Hotel offers accessible parking.
Yes, i perfer moderate price range and should be a hotel with 2 stars.
I'm staying with my kids. Does the hotel have age restrictions?
Tasty Pot does not accept Google Pay.
PARKING IS FREE AT THE BUENA VISTA MOTOR INN.
HI San Francisco Downtown Hostel does not offer any fitness or gym facilities.
Is there private parking available?
Is there private parking available?
Is there private parking available?
Does the Gozu offer Free Wifi?
Free WiFi is available at Nob Hill Motor Inn.
Hogwash serves beer and wine only.
You cannot park your bike at The Mrs. Doubtfire House.
Free WiFi is available at the Columbus Inn.
how is the noise level
Is the Fable a good choice for kids?
No reservation is required for parking at Archway House.
No, you can only pay with a credit card here -- or cash.
Are there outdoor seats at Deccan Spice?
Sure thing, it is booked, need anything else?
Is there outdoor seating at Clowns Cafe?
Bike parking is available at the San Francisco Zoo.
Is there parking at the Inn?
Is interContinental San Francisco have air-condition?
What's the address for the Hyde line?
Are guests allowed to bring dogs at the Corridor Restaurant?
The Carolina Bed and Breakfast provides daily housekeeping service.
Check out time is at 11:00am
Avalon does not have a swimming pool available onsite.
Yes, Loving Hut is suitable for kids.
all right thank you ummm is there a place to go nearby a garden maybe in the same area
Is Apple Pay accepted at Bursa?
This restaurant does have vegan friendly options.
Coventry Inn provides free private parking on site.
I want a hotel in Union Square
What kind of payments do you accept at The Little Chihuahua?
Does La Margherita allow people to Bring Your Own Bottle?
Burmese Kitchen offers a full delivery service.
Da Vinci Pizzeria accepts take out orders.
Aria Korean Street Food offers take-out ordering.
Does Proposition Chicken offer delivery?
Khamsa offers take-out ordering.
no problem so i'm finding orchard garden hotel that's in chinatown
Hunan Home's Restaurant does not offer reservation services.
got it and also ummm can you tell where can i park around there
No, Arizmendi Bakery doesn't deliver at this time.
Reservations are not accepted at La Mediterranee.
A reservation is not needed for parking at Hotel Zephyr San Francisco.
What's the noise level inside Nopalito?
Is there a shuttle to the airport that I could take from the hostel?
Casual ambience at Rooster & Rice.
Saru Sushi Bar is not good for groups.
What types of payments does Sam Wo Restaurant take?
Troya offers take-out ordering.
What is the ambiance at Pier Market Seafood Restaurant?
There is street parking available at Chubby Noodle.
Yes, could you tell me whether Baker Beach has any trails?
Are guests allowed to bring pets along at Signature San Francisco?
Extra beds are not available at Lovell Lodge.
Does Mangal Mediterranean Restaurant offer free WiFi?
The ambience of Crab House at Pier 39 is touristy and classy.
You can park at HAKKA.
Is Brenda's Meat & Three by appointment only?
Californios does not have TV.
Sure. What's the address and phone number?
yeah i've heard of coit tower also can i bring my dog to coit tower
Yes they do carry vegan options.
How's the noise at Falafelland?
Does Intercontinental San Francisco have services for guests with disabilities?
Maykadeh is a good choice if you like Persian food. Would you like to learn more or search with more specific criteria?
Kaiju Eats Ramen and Izakaya is wheelchair accessible.
Is there parking at The Golden Curry?
Which credit cards does Ugly Duckling accept?
Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine only serves beer and wine for alcohol.
What are the hours of the front desk at Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf?
The Museum of 3D Illusions offers military discounts.
Can I reserve a table at The Lucky Star?
The hotel doesn't provide extra beds as standard practice, but you could ask as extra beds are subject to availability.
Yes, there is a daily housekeeping service.
Does Loving Hut accept Google Pay?
The Carriage Inn does not have extra beds available
Does Craftsman and Wolves take reservations?
Is Apple Pay accepted at Pacific Cafe?
BYOP is not possible at HAKKA.
Is there a happy hour there?
Our check out time is 12PM.
Can I ride a bike at Lands End Lookout?
Are there options for vegetarians?
The cite does not state what the charges will be
The Harbor Court Hotel does provides room service.
No, you may park upon arrival for guests only.
Bizza has delivery options available.
There is a 50% non-refundable security deposit to stay at HAMILTON LODGE.
Does this location serve alcohol?
Does this location serve alcohol?
Will I be able to pay with a credit card at Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine?
Is your establishment recommended for groups?
What about the address and zip code?
Bon, Nene does not have TV.
Parking is available on-site.
Parking is available on-site.
Hi! I would like to visit a landmark attraction in Fisherman's Wharf.
Zuni Cafe is good for groups.
Does The Rotunda have wheelchair accessible?
Parking is only available at Street for Pho 2000's customers.
Are there vegan options available?
Are there vegan options available?
Are there vegan options available?
Are there vegan options available?
No, The Alembic is not good for kids.
Hi, Can you please help me find a Bookstore in SoMa area?
Does La Mediterranee offer delivery service?
Do they offer wifi there?
Do they offer wifi there?
Do you have live music?
Do you have live music?
Do you have live music?
Do you have live music?
Do you have live music?
Do you have live music?
Do you have live music?
Do you have live music?
Do you have live music?
Do you have live music?
Do you have live music?
Do you have live music?
Do you have live music?
Do you have live music?
Do you have live music?
Do you have live music?
Do you have live music?
Do you have live music?
Do you have live music?
Do you have live music?
Do you have live music?
Do you have live music?
Do you have live music?
No, KYMMOY does not have high chairs available for babies.
Are there any generation options?
they offer dry cleaning services at an additional charge.
The BEI Hotel San Francisco offers meeting/banquet facilities.
I want a moderately priced bed and breakfast in Union square
What languages are spoken at Hotel Spero?
Presidio Kebab accepts credit cards.
Regular parking is offered at no cost and private parking costs $70.68 per day
does flying falafel have outdoor seats?
There is street parking available at La Margherita.
Yes, Perilla offers delivery service.
This property accepts Visa, Mastercard, and Maestro.
WiFi is not available at Rooster & Rice.
No there are not any meeting or banquet facilities at Inn at union Square.
No, this restaurant doesn't offer live music.
Rooster & Rice has a casual ambience.
The zip code is 94102. Would you like to book a room?
No, this B&B does not have any accessible rooms.
The Glass Elevators is good for kids.
Yes, there are outdoor seats available.
Does B on the Go have free wifi available?
Meghna is vegetarian friendly.
Is it wheelchair accessible?
Is it wheelchair accessible?
Is it wheelchair accessible?
Yes, bike parking is available at Ferry Building Bike Rentals.
Is it a good place for groups?
Is it a good place for groups?
Does Pica Pica Arepa Kitchen accept Google Pay?
Ramenwell restaurant offers vegan friendly options.
ok what about restaurants in pacific heights that have sandwiches
Can I bring a group?
Can I bring a group?
Hogwash does not take reservations.
Does SF Honey Pig Korean BBQ accept Google Pay?
Does Han ll Kwan accept Apple Pay?
There is no free wifi at HK Fusion.
Does Park Tavern offer take-out?
Does A La Turca Restaurant offer take out?
What is the ambience like here?
What is the ambience like here?
What is the ambience like here?
Is delivery possible at La Mediterranee?
Where can I park my car at The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen.
How about Americania Hotel?
Is La Mar Cebicheria Peruana good for groups?
Does the Nob Hill Motor Inn have lift?
LOVELL LODGE offers laundry facilities.
Farm : Table does not have WiFi.
The ambience of Zen Yai Thai Restaurant is casual and classy.
A reservation for parking is not needed at Golden Gate Hotel.
Dogs are not allowed at Alamo Square Seafood Grill.
Alright, when does the Golden Gate Bridge Welcome Center open each day?
sure looking in s. f. there are quite a bit of landmarks but one i really recommend is alcatraz island
Do you have any vegetarian dishes?
Do you have any vegetarian dishes?
Yes, they are good for groups.
Do you have have wheelchair access?
Do you have have wheelchair access?
Do you have have wheelchair access?
Do you have have wheelchair access?
Opening hours are from 11am to 5pm on Wednesdays only.
Does the hotel have a restaurant or bar?
What is the noise level at Cinderella Bakery & Cafe?
What kind of halal foods do you offer?
Do you have free wifi at The Gandhi?
Is your internet free?
Rooms at the Hilton San Francisco Financial District are air conditioned
What hours is Subpar Miniature Golf open?
There is no WiFi at the Golden Gate Bridge Welcome Center.
What type of parking do you offer there?
The following credit cards are accepted at the Nineteen 06 Mission; American Express, Visa, Mastercard, JCB, Discover, and more.
What is the dress code for the museum?
Yes, the restaurant offers happy hour specials.
De Afghanan Kabob House does not accept Cryptocurrency.
do you have vegan options
do you have vegan options
How long does it take to complete a hike at Batteries to Bluffs Trail?
Shish Ke Baba accepts Apple Pay, Google Pay, and credit cards.
Yes, the restaurant has high chairs available.
Yes, the restaurant has high chairs available.
Do you serve breakfast at the hotel?
Do you serve breakfast at the hotel?
Do you serve breakfast at the hotel?
Are there any laundry?
Are there smoking area available?
Are there smoking area available?
Are there smoking area available?
Are there smoking area available?
Are there smoking area available?
Are there smoking area available?
Are there smoking area available?
Are there smoking area available?
Are there smoking area available?
Are there smoking area available?
Are there smoking area available?
Are there smoking area available?
Are there smoking area available?
Does Corridor Restaurant have a vegetarian menu?
Can I park my bike at Californios?
Free WiFi is available at Hotel Kabuki, a Joie de Vivre Hotel.
The Haas-Liliental House does not offer military discounts.
Does Fable have vegan food?
Kitava has an average noise level.
Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar doesn't offer delivery services.
What are the payment options at What The Cluck?
What is noise level at  the Rooster & Rice?
ok let me see what i can find there. all right there are quite a few options but one that people tend to enjoy is called tilden hotel is that something you might like
Is there free WiFi available at Civic Center Motor Inn?
Is there a fee for parking at Hyatt Centric Fisherman's Wharf San Francisco?
No dogs allowed.
No, we don't provide shuttle service at City Centre North B and B.
No, there is no smoking in this hotel
The Green Tortoise Hostel offers free WiFi to all guests.
I would like to know if the museum is a good place to take kids, and please tell me the address.
Do you offer any vegetarian meals?
Can I get alcoholic drinks at My Tofu House?
Is there a happy hour available there?
yes, can you book it for 8 people for Friday at 12pm.
Are there elevators available at Americania Hotel?
What is the ambience at Marnee Thai?
Thai Time Restaurant does offer take-out ordering.
Does Pier Market Seafood Restaurant offer vegan friendly options?
DragonEats has vegetarian friendly options.
No, we don't have lift at Arbury Lodge Guesthouse.
Tony's Pizza Napoletana has vegeterian friendly options.
Heating is available in the rooms.
Pets are not allowed at all at Francisco Bay Inn.
Yes, Besharam does have vegan and vegetarian friendly options.
Does China Beach have bike parking available?
The noise level at Dumpling Alley is average.
I have dog and was wondering is Legion of Honor, dog friendly?
Parking costs $51.00 (plus tax) per night.
Admission to the Cartoon Art Museum is 10 dollars for adults and 4 dollars for children.
do you take credit cards
Hot Sauce and Panko does not take reservations.
reservations are not needed at Cova Hotel
Free on-site parking is available at the Phoenix Hotel, with no reservation needed.
Nojo Ramen Tavern offer bike parking.
Free public parking is available at a location nearby .
Yes, Waterfront Restaurant offers happy hour.
Thanks. What can you tell me about parking near the beach?
yes this location has bike parking
Mission Dolores Basilica/San Francisco de Asis is not wheelchair accessible.
Do you have any pet-friendly rooms?
Is there any meeting/business facility available onsite?
Yes, Helmand Place offers delivery.
Dogs are not allowed at Cellarmaker House of Pizza.
Is there a spa available?
No, Hakka has no halal options.
Curry Garden does not offer live music as a entertainment option.
Do I need to make a reservation for parking in advance?
What is the mood of La Mediterranee like?
What is the availability for bike parking at Pier 33?
No, Alcatraz Island does not offer free WiFi.
Does Tadu Ehtiopian Kitchen have televisions playing in the restaurant?
I have 22 possibilities for you. In order to narrow it down further, it would be helpful to know which price range you prefer.
No, there is no bike parking available.
Free parking is available at Royal Pacific Motor Inn.
The cheaper the better.
Check-in time begins at 3:00 PM at San Francisco Proper Hotel.
Then I'd recommend Tanguito. Would you like a reservation?
Checkout time is until 12:00 PM.
Ambience of Nojo Ramen Tavern is casual, trendy. classy.
The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen restaurant does have vegan friendly options.
Does Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton have take-out ordering?
Yes, Worth House has luggage storage services.
A security deposit of GBP 50 per night is required at A AND B GUEST HOUSE.
Is there an elevator at the HI San Francisco City Center Hostel?
Halal options are not available at Cafe Uno.
What is the admission fee please?
Do you have available spaces for like banquets or a place to hold a meeting?
I just need to know Pier 39's opening hours for now.
Do you guys have dry cleaning?
Yes, DragonEats offers take-out ordering.
Yes, the restaurant serves alcohol and has a full bar.
Yes, the restaurant serves alcohol and has a full bar.
Yes, the restaurant serves alcohol and has a full bar.
They speak Spanish and English.
Hunan Home's Restaurant is a sit-down Chinese restaurant with vegan friendly options.
Do you guys have street parking?
How much is for private parking?
Yes, there is a concierge service.
Can I get delivery service at Mars Bar & Restaurant?
Reservations are not accepted at Rooster & Rice.
Super Pan accepts credit cards.
Lao Table has TVs in their establishment.
We don't have halal options in its' menu.
Is the front desk available 24 hours?
Is the front desk available 24 hours?
Is Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine by appointment only?
Limehouse does not offer any concierge service.
Yes, the White Swan Inn offers a concierge service.
Does Inn San Francisco have a designated smoking area onsite?
Is MaMa Ji's wheelchair accessible?
Would I be able to pay for the room with my credit card?
Does your hotel offer air conditioning?
The Andrews Hotel does not offer extra beds.
Golden Gate Bridge Welcome Center is located in Presidio.
No dogs are allowed at Khamsa.
Does Bellota offer WiFi?
Sounds fine, what's their phone number?
The Hotel Zoe Fisherman's Wharf is a smoke-free property.
Rooster & Rice has street parking.
Does Bistro At The Cliff House offer happy hour?
Does Pho Huynh Hiep 2 - Kevin's Noodle House offer vegetarian friendly options?
For breakfast, guest may choose between a A la carte or Continental option.
Are reservations required at Franciscan Crab Restaurant?
The Sutro's at The Cliff House does take reservations.
There are no vegan friendly options at Plain Jane.
Does Travellers Rest have gluten free items on the menu?
The payment options at Aria Korean Street Food are credit cards and Apple Pay.
Is maid service availible?
Does the PIZZA HUT CITY CENTRE have wheelchair accessible?
Are reservations required at this location?
Luggage storage service is not available here.
No Halal options available
Where should I park at the hotel?
DO you have rooms with air conditioning?
Are there any Museums?
Does Magowan's Infinite Mirror Maze offer WiFi?
ok can you tell me what the star rating is for this and the zip code
Yes, I have both Clarion Alley and the Mission District. Are you interested in either of those?
You cannot ask for an extra bed at the Cambridge Belfry.
The Tasty Pot is good for kids.
How about a beach?
Street parking is available at The Front Porch.
No, Hinodeya Ramen Bar does not offer happy hour.
The Italian Homemade Company accepts Apple Pay.
OK, what is the admission fee at the San Francisco Botanical Garden?
No, Sumac does not have outdoor seating.
Is heat offered in the rooms?
Does Travelodge by Wyndham by Fisherman's Wharf provide dry cleaning service?
Children are allowed at ALEXANDER BED AND BREAKFAST.
Does Acorn Guest House provide dry cleaning service?
Is Legion of Honor good for kids?
check out time at The Willows Inn is 11:00 am
Pipasha Restaurant does not offer live music.
Is bike parking available at La Mar Cebicheria Peruana?
Roam Artisan Burgers offers Parking  on Street & Private Lot.
Do they have soy-free options available?
The Nob Hill Motor Inn offers free parking for guests.
We don't offer live music at HK Fusion.
Public parking is available close by, with no reservation required.
Is Apple Pay accepted at Exploratorium?
Tasty Pot accepts credit cards.
Yes, they accept Apple Pay as payment method.
Bay Subs & Deli does not take reservations.
Do you have complimentary breakfast served?
There is air conditioning in the rooms.
Perilla has an average noise level.
Is your restaurant good for groups of people?
They do not accept Cryptocurrency at Park Tavern.
Do you offer vegan options?
Do you offer vegan options?
Do you offer vegan options?
Do you offer vegan options?
Yes.The View Lounge  is good for groups.
Children are welcome at this property.
What time is check in for Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge?
Sure, their phone number is (415) 218-0259.
Yes, it is recommended for large groups.
Is the park appropriate for kids?
What is the challenge level of the trail at Lands End Lookout?
What payment does Falafelland accept?
The Alembic currently does not offer delivery service.
The Suites at Fisherman's Wharf is listed as a 3 star, expensive Hotel. Would you like more information?
I want to go to a museum in Monterey Heights
Yes. Papito Hayes is good for kids
Can I pay using Cryptocurrency at your location?
What sort of dress code does Tony's Pizza Napoletana have?
Are there age restrictions for 7D Experience?
Yes the rooms are heated at Taylor Hotel San Francisco.
Does Perilla offer outdoor seating?
How is noise level at Plaj Scandinavian Restaurant & Bar?
Is there any restaurant or bar onsite at Hyatt Place San Francisco/Downtown?
Yes, the Tilden Hotel offers daily housekeeping.
I have a small dog and want to know if pets are allowed and if there is a fee?
Farm : Table accepts credit cards and Apple Pay.
Pizza Hut Fen Ditton does not serve alcohol.
Does Cityroomz have rooms with disability access?
Thai Time Restaurant is not good for groups.
Parking is available for $78.66 each day.
What is the check out time at your hotel?
Vegan friendly options are available at Hops & Hominy.
Oasis Cafe does have outdoor seating.
Are there vegeterian dishes?
The Fly Trap offers free WiFi.
Is there street parking at the Chubby Noodle ?
B on the Go does not accept Apple Pay.
The restaurant does not have any live music.
Is Contemporary Jewish Museum good for kids?
Good afternoon, I was just calling to see if you offer free WiFi?
Gluten free options are not offered at Gourmet Burger Kitchen.
Does it serve alcohoL?
No, there are no safety deposit boxes available at Carolina Bed And Breakfast.
Hey are you guys good for group dining?
Does Craftsman and Wolves offer take out orders?
what parking is available at Manna?
How would you describe the noise level there?
Grubbin' offers delivery service for its customers.
Yes, but it's street parking.
The rooms at Presidio Parkway are air-conditioned.
Hotel Zephyr San Francisco does not have lift. They have elevators but not lift.
Nick's Crispy Tacos offers take-out.
Do you have any outdoor seating?
Do you have any outdoor seating?
Do you have any outdoor seating?
Do you have any outdoor seating?
Do you have any outdoor seating?
Do you have any outdoor seating?
Do you offer seating outside?
Do you offer seating outside?
Do you offer seating outside?
No smoking is allowed in Huntingdon Marriott Hotel.
No,  El Farolito doesn't accept Apple Pay.
sure so let me see what's available in pacific heights i'm not showing any cooking classes unfortunately
What are my options for parking there?
There is a designated smoking area at the Gonville Hotel.
Does Rusty's Southern have TV?
Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
let me see what's available. you know i'm not finding something with those specifications
Cocum is vegetarian friendly.
Are the rooms in your hotel heated?
A Mano is wheelchair accessible.
of course they're located at four four four presidio avenue their zip code is nine four one one six and they are moderately priced
Do your rooms have AC?
I want to see landmarks at Embarcadero
The check in time is 3pm to 9pm.
The Wharf Inn provides baggage storage.
The ambience of Bistro At The Cliff House is considered touristy and classy.
Are there any laundry facilities at City Centre North B and B?
No, Kokkari Estiatorio does not offer takeout.
Do you allow any pets there?
The Kensingtron Park Hotel provides daily housekeeping services.
No, parking is not available on site.
Makes sense. What's the admission fee?
Does Stix accept Cryptocurrency?
Yes, this restaurant does have a TV available.
Does Charlie Chan accept credit cards?
Can I bring my kids to Stem Kitchen & Garden?
Pets are not allowed at the Archway House.
There is an extra fee for pets to stay a Hotel Spero.
Yes, TV is available at Mensho Tokyo.
ok great ummm can i get the zip code on the first one
Does the Union Square Plaza Hotel have an elevator?
You cannot smoke at Finches Bed and Breakfast.
The noise level is typically average at Papito Potrero Hill.
Hi, Would you please help me find a place to go in Fisherman's Wharf?
Does The Gandhi Restaurant have high chairs for babies?
Yes, Deccan Spice takes reservations.
Is bike parking available if I wanted to dine at Picaro?
There is not a designated smoking area at Hayes Valley Inn.
The restaurant Chubby Noodle is an Asian fusion restaurant and the contact information is as follows: 570 Green Street off, Columbus Ave, San Francisco, CA 94133, (415) 296-9600.
Sugarhill Kitchen does serve alcohol, but beer and wine only.
What is the check-in time for Hyatt Place San Francisco/Downtown?
Aha Fresh offers take out ordering.
Is SAJJ Mediterranean kid friendly?
Mensho Tokyo doesn't support Google Pay as payment method.
Does the Tuba Authentic Turkish Restaurant accept Apple Pay?
Does Lombard Plaza Motel have WiFi?
Takeout ordering is not offered at The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill.
You cannot make a reservation for parking at the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel.
How old do you have to be to check in?
Yes, Zizzi Cambridge offers gluten free options.
I apologize, but there are no four star bed and breakfasts in Fisherman's Wharf. Would you like to try a different search?
Does your Steakhouse have free WiFi for it's customers to use?
Does Arizmendi Bakery have vegan options?
I found a moderately priced hotel called Andrews Hotel that is 3 stars. Do you want more information?
Bike parking is available at New Eritrea Restaurant & Bar.
ok and what information did you want there
Does Nopalito have vegan options?
Wifi is available at Nineteen 06 Mission.
Bay Subs & Deli is small and therefore not good for groups.
Do you have free wi-fi?
Do you have free wi-fi?
The Gandhi does not offer take-out ordering.
Street parking is available for cars at The Italian Homemade Company.
Does Clowns Cafe have free wifi?
There is no lift in the Lensfield Hotel.
Nob Hill Cafe serves beer and wine.
yeah let me go and check that. all right so it's saying that they don't offer deliver but they do offer take out in general
No information about the cost of parking is available. Parking garage, street parking, and secure parking are all options.
Kokkari Estiatorio accepts Credit Cards and Google Pay.
The dress attire is casual at San Francisco Museum of Modern Art.
The noise level is typically average at Marnee Thai.
Plaj Scandinavian Restaurant & Bar takes reservations.
The Pawn Shop does not have gluten free options.
Does your place accept reservations?
The noise level at Opa Cafe is average.
Wifi is available at the Luz Hotel
Bike parking is available at Rin's Thai Restaurant.
No, Lovejoy's Tea Room does not provide happy hour.
Will I have to pay to park at your hotel?
Is there a swimming pool at CITYROOMZ?
ALEXANDER BED AND BREAKFAST does not provide a shuttle service.
Parking is available at Dojo Noodle Bar.
Is there WiFi?
Is there WiFi?
Excellent, do you know if I can park my bike at Pier 39?
Sugarhill Kitchen is quiet.
There is no concierge at Rosa's BnB
Is Google Pay accepted at Californios?
Heating is an available amenity at Jackson Court.
Is there vegan food available here?
Is breakfast free at your location?
Is there parking available at Pipasha Restaurant?
The noise level at Souvia is average.
Yes, Newkirk's offers happy hour.
Hobsons House does not provide dry cleaning service.
Does the DE LUCA CUCINA AND BAR have BYOB?
Besharam does have bike parking.
Do you have safety deposit boxes in the rooms?
Do you have live music at 5PM?
Would I be able to pay with a credit card?
No.The Flying Falafel  does not offer happy hour.
Can I park my bike at Piccolo Forno?
what time do I check out?
what time do I check out?
what time do I check out?
what time do I check out?
No bicycle parking at Han II Kwan.
Yes please give me their phone number.
How much is private parking?
does the missing sock have delivery?
Do you have a space large enough for groups?
How much is the admission fee at Belden Place?
Can I park my bike at The Monk's Kettle?
The Rotunda does not have a TV.
The GrilledCheezGuy restaurant is good for kids.
Hotel Boheme is a 3-star hotel in North Beach. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Is there private parking at the inn?
Do you serve alcohol at this establishment?
Parking is not available.
Parking is not available.
Parking is not available.
Parking is not available.
What parking options are available there?
Daily housekeeping is not provided here.
Daily housekeeping is not provided here.
What credit cards are accepted at Sala Thong?
Does The Missing Sock offer vegetarian options?
No, the CURRY KING only has indoor seating.
Do they have outdoor seating available at Blind Butcher?
Taboun's phone number is (415) 566-9696.
No, dogs are not allowed at Souvla.
What are the opening hours for Bay City Bike Rentals and Tours?
How much does it cost for WiFi there?
Is there a fee for using WiFi?
Jin Mi Korean Cuisine does not accept Google Pay.
Unfortunately, no service is available for disability.
Does this site offer alcohol to customers?
Does this site offer alcohol to customers?
Does Kin Khao have high chairs available?
Can you accommodate bike parking?
Don Pasquale Pizzeria accepts American Express, Visa, and Mastercard.
Do you have an onsite fitness center or gym?
Extra beds are not available at Hotel Bijou.
Parking onsite costs $67.26 per day.
And what time does Cathedral of Saint Mary of the Assumption open on weekdays?
ADVANCE RESERVATIONS FOR PARKING ARE NOT REQUIRED AT COMFORT INN BY THE BAY HOTEL SAN FRANCISCO.
all right thank you and then uhhh in the same area too i'm looking for a restaurant that's like in the moderate price range hopefully it's like four stars
Are dogs allowed at De Afghanan Kabob House?
How about Ferry Building Marketplace? You can find that in Embarcadero.
Dry cleaning service is not available at CAROLINA BED AND BREAKFAST.
Daily check-out time is 11:00 AM.
Do you allow children of all ages at your bed and breakfast?
The Rice House does not take reservatiions.
WiFi is available for free at Frisco Fried.
Does Old Jerusalem Restaurant accept Google Pay?
No, Super Duper Burgers does not have a drive thru.
The Admiral Hotel accepts the following cards: American Express, VISA, MasterCard, Diners Club, JCB and Discover.
Pacific Cafe does not have TV.
Yes, you can ask for extra beds.
The hotel accepts American Express, Visa, and MasterCard.
What are the admission costs for adults and kids at Alcatraz Island?
Street parking is available at Bay City Bike Rentals and Tours.
The Shanghai Family Restaurant does not offer outdoor seating.
You are not allowed to park a bike at Aria Korean Street Food.
Yes, The Monk's Kettle is wheelchair accessible.
Balompie Cafe does not take reservations.
Yes you can ask for extra beds at Fairmont San Francisco. You will receive extra beds and cribs when requested. The maximum number of extra beds and cribs allowed depends on your chosen room and availability.
Can I make a reservation in advance?
Can I make a reservation in advance?
A bar is available onsite, though there is no restaurant.
No, Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine does not offer free WiFi.
The Lucky Star does not have any high chairs available.
Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant does not accept Apple Pay.
Azalina's has TV.
Does Blue Barn Gourmet accept credit cards?
Is The Presidio, dog friendly at all?
Does The Halal Guys serve alcohol?
Can I take a guided tour at Grace Cathedral?
There is accessible parking at the Worth House.
No, Roma Antica does not accept Apple Pay.
What is the dress code at Kaiju Eats Ramen and Izakaya?
Many hotels meet your criteria. How does The Donatello Hotel sound?
Is parking free at Pacific Heights Inn by Magnuson Worldwide?
The check-out time is until 12:00 PM.
The check-out time is until 12:00 PM.
There is no fitness center onsite at Archway House.
Vegetarian friendly options are available at Kitava.
Uno Dos Tacos does not have TV available
The Oasis Cafe does have vegan friendly options.
You can try the Crab House at Pier 39.
No, Umami Burger Soma District does not take reservations.
I get cold easily, is there heating available there?
Does the hotel have a fitness center?
Does the hotel have a fitness center?
Parking at The Fairmont Heritage Place Ghirardelli Square is $65 per day.
Yes, all rooms are air-conditioned.
Check in time is starting at 3:00 pm.
check in is at 4 pm
Is there street parking at Karaweik Burmese Cuisine?
WiFi is available at the University Arms Hotel.
Do you have wheel chair accessible parking spaces?
Twin Peaks has street and private lot parking.
Are there vegetarian options at Rusty's Southern?
Yes, rooms are air-conditioned at Hampton Inn San Francisco Downtown/Convention Center.
What is the ambiance of Sessions at the Presidio?
Europa Hostel only has street parking.
Is there onsite parking?
Is there onsite parking?
No, Lovell Lodge does not have a restaurant or bar onsite.
Pets are not allowed at the Worth House.
What type of payment methods do you accept?
Does The Missing Sock have halal options?
What type of breakfast is served at Kimpton Buchanan Hotel?
Does New Dumpling King have bike parking?
No, there are no meeting or banquet facilities at Grant Plaza Hotel.
Yes, could you please book it for four people for 7 o'clock tonight
Hey, do you guys take Apple Pay?
sure let me see what i can find for you ok so one place is popping up it's called hogwash would you be interested in that
Free Wifi at the Inn at the Opera.
Does Saru Sushi Bar take reservations?
Do they have rooms and facilities available for disabled?
There is no halal option at THE COW PIZZA KITCHEN AND BAR.
Does this property offer luggage storage here?
Yes, Jin Mi Korean Cuisine offers delivery.
Average noise level at Mama's On Washington Square.
Payment methods accepted are American Express, Visa, Mastercard, Diners Club and Discover
Can I use Apple Pay at Tortellino?
Yes, they offer a delivery service.
Are there shuttle services available at Green Tortoise Hostel?
The Alembic does not allow dogs.
Yes. The Snug has a full bar.
Does Crepes On Cole offer outdoor seating?
Is your place accommodating to little ones?
The hotel has a lift available to guests.
There is China Beach at 490 Sea Cliff Ave and the phone number is (415) 561-4323.
Nothing in particular. What attractions are in the Sunset District?
Rice House does not offer take-out ordering.
Do you offer any breakfast foods on site?
Check out is at 11:00am
There is no extra beds option at the hotel
That works! Can you give me the phone number?
Is there a kitchen available for guest to use?
Parking costs $49.00 plus tax for regular-sized vehicles and $64.00 plus tax for oversized cars.
On-site private parking is available for free.
Appointments and Reservations are not accepted at Roma Antica.
Can I park my bike at Pampanguena Cuisine?
Bike parking is available at Mars Bar & Restaurant
Yes please, what is the price range?
Yes, Stix accepts Google Pay.
Pets can stay free at the Motel 6 San Francisco Downtown
Pets are not allowed at Travelodge by Wyndham San Francisco Central.
Graffiti accepts reservations in advance.
What time can I check in at Axiom Hotel?
Is Pampanguena Cuisine a good spot for happy hour?
Is cryptocurrency accepted at Kitchen Istanbul?
J Restaurant does not offer any gluten free options.
Which credit cards do you accept for payment?
Extra beds are not offered at Warfield Hotel.
luggage storage is available at Admiral Hotel
Is takeout avaiable?
Pipasha Restaurant does off free WiFI.
Blue Barn Gourmet is not recommended for groups.
Seven Hills doesn't have TV.
Yes I could recommend Hotel Spero for you. Is that ok with you?
Can I pay with Google Pay?
Is there outdoor seating for guests?
Is there outdoor seating for guests?
Yes please, and the ZIP code.
Parking at Hotel Riu Plaza Fisherman's Wharf costs 45 USD a day.
Is there free WiFi at Orchard Garden Hotel?
Is WiFi available at The Wharf Inn?
Autumn house has free WiFi.
Is Cupid's Span good for kids?
Does The Ramp offer vegan options?
CatHead's BBQ offers delivery  service.
No, street parking only.
The Admiral Hotel offers a lift/elevator for their guest's convenience.
The ambience of Coqueta is a diner designed to provide you fast and friendly service in a home away from home environment.
TV is available at My Tofu House.
Anchor Oyster Bar does offer take-out ordering.
True Laurel does not have outdoor seats.
Do you provide room service daily?
do you know if it's a good place for large groups
Can I pick up my order from DragonEats through the drive thru?
Take out ordering is offered by Park Tavern.
Are you kid friendly
Does Tilak offer vegan menu options?
Do they take discover?
Is China Beach kid-friendly?
The noise level at Golden State Grill is average.
Do you have TVs available to watch?
Parking is available at the Cornell Hotel de France
There is bike parking at Oasis Cafe.
Is La Mediterranee good for kids?
Is the Loving Hut a good place to take kids?
Are there outdoor seats at The Italian Homemade Company?
How much does it cost to park here?
Does Papito Hayes deliver?
WiFi is free to use.
WiFi is free to use.
Yes, De Afghananan Kabob House is good for kids.
Cityroomz does not have a spa onsite.
Can I get a smoking room?
Can I get a smoking room?
No, Signature San Francisco does not have accessible parking.
Is reservation parking available?
Can I park my bicycle at Anchor Oyster Bar?
Yes there is heating.
Hi. Can you find an expensive hotel for me in Union Square?
THE COW PIZZA KITCHEN AND BAR does not have vegetarian friendly options.
Does City Centre North B and B offer dry cleaning service?
The admission is free at Randall Museum.
DO you have live music?
DO you have live music?
DO you have live music?
What are the breakfast options at Signature San Francisco?
Hard Knox Cafe does not offer delivery.
Under the FAQ section it lists check out time is until 12:00pm for guests.
Does the My Tofu House offer take-out ordering?
Do you accept credit cards as payment?
Is bike parking available at Bay Subs & Deli?
There is no alcohol served at Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton.
Does the Hyatt offer elevator for guests?
Is there any entrance fee to visit Cathedral of Saint Mary of the Assumption?
Can I do take out?
What price range would you like to stay in?
Does anyone in the hotel speak Spanish?
Is there an onsite spa at Warkworth House?
No, Boba Guys does not have a TV.
Yes, this hotel does offer parking.
Are highchairs provided there?
Are highchairs provided there?
Are highchairs provided there?
Are highchairs provided there?
Are highchairs provided there?
Are highchairs provided there?
Are highchairs provided there?
This hotel accepts the following cards: American Express, VISA, MasterCard, JCB and Discover.
De Afghanan Kabob House does not accept Apply Pay.
Can I plan a party there?
Are the rooms at the W San Francisco air-conditioned?
Check-out time is by 11:00.
Free WiFi is available everywhere on site.
of course their phone number is four one five nine eight nine seven four three seven and their nine four one three three
Proposition Chicken isn't a dog friendly zone.
The address for Cupid's Span is The Embarcadero At Folsom St.
Are there any vegetarian options at Kitchen Story?
yeah can you find landmarks in presidio
Is a lift available at this hotel?
Do you have any halal options?
Do you have any halal options?
Do you have any halal options?
Do you have any halal options?
Do you have any halal options?
Do you have any halal options?
Do you have any halal options?
You can request extra beds at Buena Vista Motor Inn.
Is the hostel pet friendly?
Tasty Pot does not accept Apple Pay.
Yes, Chubby Noodle has vegan options.
Wifi at The Cambridge Belfry is free.
Hi, I wanted to see if it's possible to get extra beds?
Bay Subs & Deli does not have vegetarian friendly options.
WiFi is free at Layne Hotel.
Hi, could you let me know if pets can stay theree?
Conservatory of Flowers accepts credit cards.
German, English, Polish, Portuguese are spoken at Huntingdon Marriott Hotel.
Yes, this restaurant has alcohol menu.
Parking does not have to be made in advance for Four Seasons Hotel San Francisco.
Does Swan Oyster Depot accept Apple Pay?
The noise level at Crab House at Pier 39 is average.
Can I get the address for the powell/madison line?
Yes, there is a designated smoking area at the Civic Center Motor Inn.
No, there is not bike parking at Lovejoy's Tea Room.
Does Outerlands have a TV?
Is check out time at 10:00 AM?
No reservation is required for parking at San Francisco Proper Hotel.
Wifi is offered at the Civic Center Motor Inn.
Does Woodhouse Fish have outdoor seating?
Free WiFi is available at the Alpha-Milton Guest House.
Yes, does Balmy Steret Murals have a phone number?
what time can I check out?
Does the hotel have air conditioning?
Does the Axiom Hotel provide concierge service?
Does the Inn have free parking?
Can I make a reservation at Roam Artisan Burgers?
Is the Argonaut Hotel pet-friendly?
Is Bernal Heights Park wheelchair accessible?
not mentioned
I want to see a landmark in North Beach/Telegraph Hill
ok all right that's ok ummm could you get me the address and phone number though
There is on-site private parking available at Alexander Bed and Breakfast.
Is smoking allowed at Bite?
Is Google Pay accepted there?
Is Google Pay accepted there?
Is Google Pay accepted there?
Is Google Pay accepted there?
Is Google Pay accepted there?
Is Google Pay accepted there?
Average noise level at Kim Son Vietnamese Restaurant.
WiFi is available in room for the price of $14.95 for 24 hours.
Great, can I get the zip code for Hotel Kabuki please?
24 hours front desk service is available at Travelodge by Wyndham by Fisherman's Wharf.
Yes, the front desk is staffed 24 hours per day.
Does Hakka have live music?
can I smoke on the property?
The Cartoon Art Museum accepts credit cards
Do you offer daily housekeeping ?
New Eritrea Restaurant & Bar doesn't allow to dogs.
Pets are allowed by request. There may be an extra fee.
Does Morty's Delicatessen offer take-out ordering?
No, Rooster & Rice doesn't offer happy hour.
Is there any wheel chair accessibility there?
Does The View Lounge accept Cryptocurrency as Payment Option?.
Laundry service is available at Hotel Sunrise.
Yes, air-conditioning is available in all rooms at Hotel Del Sol, a Joie de Vivre Hotel.
No take-out from the Sesame Restaurant and Bar.
RICE HOUSE does not have vegetarian friendly options.
Does Gourmet Burger Kitchen offer free WiFi?
Yes, i will need the phone number and zip code of Baker Beach.
Ambience of Pizzetta 211 is  Casual, Classy.
Does Archway House have a swimming pool onsite?
The staff here speak English, Spanish, Farsi, and Chinese.
Is this location large enough for groups?
English and Hindi are the languages which are spoken at this hotel.
hi ummm i'm looking for a landmark to visit in san francisco can you give me some suggestions
Can I bring my dog into Kitchen Story?
ok could you tell me the address and uhhh the zip code
No, Aida Plaza Hotel does not offer concierge service.
Yes. They have TV.
Smoking is not allowed at Bellota.
ok all right so after my day of spending at the museum i think i wanna get something to eat uhhh in the outer sunset neighborhood in the moderate price range and i think i'm looking for some british food
I have two listings. The de Young at 50 Hagiwara Tea Garden Dr, and the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art at 151 3rd St. Would you like the phone numbers?
No, they don't accept Cryptocurrency as payment method.
so i'm not seeing a garden listed no
Is alcohol served at Kitava?
This restaurant recommends dressy attire.
Does Hotel Zelos San Francisco provide room service?
Do I need to make a reservation to stay at the Cova Hotel?
How about Wave Organ, what is the parking situation like?
Super Pan serve Beer & Wine Only.
I'm not leaving town until evening but want to check out and leave my luggage for the last day.
Mama's On Washington Square does not accept credit cards.
Are dogs alowed?
Koja Kitchen's noise level is average.
How much is the parking at your hotel?
Bridget Guest House provides only microwave for kitchen facilities for their guests.
Is BYOB possible at Golden Wok?
What kind of environment does your restaurant have?
Can you tell me if there's parking at Mount Davidson Park?
It is open 24 hours.
The Royal Standard accepts cash, MasterCard and Visa for payment.
I want a motel in Union Square
Does Thanh Binh have live music?
Do you have parking at the hostel?
Does Newkirk's serve cocktails?
You must be at least 18 years old to check-in at Warfield Hotel.
Does Deli Board offer bike parking?
What types of languages are spoken at your hotel?
is cryptocurrency accepted?
The noise level at Super Pan is considered average.
the noise level is average
Yes, luggage storage is available at Europa Hotel for an additional charge.
What payment options does Loving Hut accept?
We don't offer free WiFi at The Slug and Lettuce.
Hi, can you let me know if you have dry cleaning at the hotel?
What forms of payment can i use?
No, there is no bike parking.
I was wondering if you're kid friendly?
I was wondering if you're kid friendly?
Do they take Google Pay?
Do you offer free parking?
Parking is free at the Avalon.
Does Royal Standard offer delivery service?
Is there a designated area for parking bikes at this zoo?
Do you have a beer and wine list?
What's the ambience like at Hot Sauce and Panko?
Yes, it is a vegeterian friendly restaurant.
Do you guys offer kid options?
Possibly, do they accept AMEX?
perfect uhhh what's the zip code and address of that hotel
No luggage storage service.
Yes, delivery services are available.
The Gardenia serves alcohol.
Can La Mediterranee accommodate groups of people?
Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton accepts credit cards.
Loch Fyne does not offer delivery service.
Is Craftsman and Wolves good for kids?
There is no cost to use WiFi at the Courtyard Hotel since wifi is free.
Is there free WiFi at The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill?
When can I check in my room?
It provides bike parking.
It provides bike parking.
The Da Vinci Pizzeria does not offer delivery service.
Does Roam Artisan Burgers have a Drive Thru?
There are heated rooms at the SF Plaza Hotel
Do you allow outdoor seating?
There is no live music at THE LUCKY STAR.
yeah of course that is four one five six five eight seven three zero six
What's the ambience like there?
Yes, this hotel offers free parking onsite.
Thanh Binh does not offer delivery service.
Do you accept Apple Pay?
Do you accept Apple Pay?
Do you accept Apple Pay?
Do you accept Apple Pay?
Do you accept Apple Pay?
Do you accept Apple Pay?
Do you accept Apple Pay?
Do you accept Apple Pay?
Do you accept Apple Pay?
Do you accept Apple Pay?
Do you accept Apple Pay?
Do you accept Apple Pay?
Do you accept Apple Pay?
Do you accept Apple Pay?
Do you accept Apple Pay?
Do you accept Apple Pay?
Do you accept Apple Pay?
Do you accept Apple Pay?
Do you accept Apple Pay?
Do you accept Apple Pay?
Do you accept Apple Pay?
Do you accept Apple Pay?
Do you accept Apple Pay?
Do you accept Apple Pay?
Do you accept Apple Pay?
Do you accept Apple Pay?
Do you accept Apple Pay?
Do you accept Apple Pay?
Do you accept Apple Pay?
Do you accept Apple Pay?
Bloomsbury Restaurant does not allow BYOB.
Yes, My Tofu House has high chairs for babies.
No, Sutro's at The Cliff House does not offer delivery service.
How formal is your establishment?
The restauranant does have a tv.
Can I pick up my order from Lovejoy's Tea Room?
The check-in time begins at 3:00 PM.
Yes, concierge service is available at Civic Center Inn.
Octavia isn't a dog friendly zone.
okay i think that would work do they do you know if they have a parking garage
Can I access an extra bed if needed?
Are highchairs available at your restaurant?
Hello, do you take reservations?
The Hotpot does not offer delivery service.
The ambiance at The Monk's Kettle is both hipster and classy.
Sons and Daughter's takes credit cards.
What is the at the fish house?
It accepts Apple Pay.
It accepts Apple Pay.
It accepts Apple Pay.
Perilla accepts credit cards, but does accept Apple or Google pay.
Off-site parking at a nearby location is available for $65 per day, while staying at the San Francisco Proper Hotel.
Does the hotel provide concierge services?
Rooster & Rice does not offer happy hour.
Rooster & Rice does not offer happy hour.
Rooster & Rice does not offer happy hour.
Yes, that would work. Can you tell me their address?
Are high chairs available at Taj Tandoori for babies?
Is A LA Turca Restaurant good for children?
Is there outdoor seating at Royal Spice?
Do I need to make a reservation?
Pier 7 is a landmark in that area. Would you like more information?
Pica Pica Arepa Kitchen offers delivery service.
Do I need an appointment for the San Francisco Botanical Garden?
Is there a television at Alamo Square Seafood Grill?
What is the ambience at Smokin' Warehouse Barbecue - Sacramento Street?
Can I pay with Google Pay at Thai House Express?
Are dogs allowed at Good Mong Kok Bakery?
Do you offer dry cleaning service?
Will I have heat in my room at Lombard Plaza Motel?
Noise level at The Italian Homemade Company is Average.
Hogwash does not offer live music.
The noise level is high.
Credit cards are accepted at THE SLUG AND LETTUCE.
What time is check-out at Finches Bed and Breakfast?
What are the front desk hours?
Do you have parking on-site?
Does Ben Thai Cafe have free WiFi?
The only parking available at New Dumpling King is street parking.
Are there any laundry service?
Dolores Park is good for kids.
There are many. Do you have a preferred star rating to help narrow down your choices?
sure let me check that ok unfortunately database does not say whether they do or they dont require a security deposit
Sure, no problem. The zip code for Blue Barn Gourmet is 94109 and Sumac is 94133.
Does Jim Mi Korean Cuisine take reservations?
Is out door seating available at Bangkok City?
The rooms at the Orange Village Hostel are heated.
WiFi is free at this hotel.
WiFi is free at this hotel.
WiFi is free at this hotel.
Is there wheelchair accessibility at Opa Cafe?
City Stop Restaurant does not offer delivery service.
Does this location have rooms with disability access?
Are there TV's offerd there?
Are reservations available?
Is there wi-fi available at the facility?
7D Experience is not recommended for pregnant women.
Do you have any vegan options?
Do you have any vegan options?
Do you have any vegan options?
There is no live music at The Oak Bistro.
Is there an elevator at Royal Pacific Motor Inn?
sure let me see what they have ok so one option shows up it's called days inn by wyndham san francisco is that something you might like
Admission at the 7D experience is $13 for both adults and children. Do you have any other question?
Yes, Royal Standard does have highchairs available for babies' seating.
Bay Subs & Deli offers take out ordering.
Is there delivery options?
Does Rooster & Rice have happy hour?
Curry Garden is not wheelchair accessible.
ok let me see here. all right so one option does show up it's called the contemporary jewish museum
Do you accept Google Pay?
Do you accept Google Pay?
Do you accept Google Pay?
Do you accept Google Pay?
Do you accept Google Pay?
Do you accept Google Pay?
Do you accept Google Pay?
Do you accept Google Pay?
Do you accept Google Pay?
Do you accept Google Pay?
Do you accept Google Pay?
Do you accept Google Pay?
Do you accept Google Pay?
Do you accept Google Pay?
Do you accept Google Pay?
Do you accept Google Pay?
Do you accept Google Pay?
Do you accept Google Pay?
Are the trains accessible for wheelchairs?
Do you have room for a group?
Does Da Vinci Pizzeria have street parking?
Does The Progress accept Apple Pay?
Can I smoke in the hotel?
Can I smoke in the hotel?
Does Rosa's Bed and Breakfast provide safety deposit boxes?
Pizzeria Delfina - Pacific Heights does not offer happy hour.
Are cash and credit cards accepted as payment options at Frascati?
Guests must be at least 18 to check in.
Yes, how much would it cost for my son?
Dragon Beaux is a wheelchair accessible establishment.
Roam Artisan Burgers does not have happy hour.
What can I pay my bill with?
Is there a lift available at Allenbell?
Shared kitchens are available at the Adelaide Hostel.
Credit cards are accepted. No mention of debit cards are listed.
Credit cards are accepted. No mention of debit cards are listed.
Meghna does not serve hahal options.
Does Lao Table have free WiFi?
Sorry, there are no expensive hotels in Chinatown.
The front desk of ROSA'S BED AND BREAKFAST is not open for 24 hours.
Cellarmaker House of Pizza is not good for groups.
Grant Plaza Hotel is a 2 star hotel in Chinatown that is cheap, would you like help booking it?
Hot Sauce and Panko has a casual ambience.
there is no fitness center
yes there is dry cleaning  service at an additional charge
Yes, Sessions at the Presidio has TV
There is no restaurant or bar onsite at ALEXANDER BED AND BREAKFAST.
Is The Alembic good for groups?
No, the Oasis Inn does not have meeting or banquet facilities.
Yes, Coqueta has a variety of vegan options.
Does Super Duper Burgers accept credit cards?
What are the opening hours at the Palace Of Fine Arts?
what about the zip code of each
Is there a kitchen where I can cook my own food?
Only major credit cards are accepted here.
Lucky Pig has an ambience that is hipster, casual and trendy.
Yes, outdoor seating is offered at Graffiti
Does the Curry King have vegetarian menu?
Is The Mrs. Doubtfire House wheelchair accessible?
Does Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton offer halal options?
Lovejoy's Tea Room does not serve alcohol.
Is there a baggage storage service?
Do you offer take out ordering at your location?
MaMa Ji's is a good place for kids.
Is this a good restaurant for kids?
Are you good for groups?
Are you good for groups?
Are you good for groups?
ok ummm do they have an elevator there for guests
Takeout is an option offered by New Dumpling King.
does the hakka offer take out?
No possibility of BYOB at the Saffron Brasserie.
You could visit the Conservatory of Flowers, or the San Francisco Botanical Garden. Would you like more information about them?
Does Delicious Dim Sum have high chairs available for babies?
Hidden Garden Steps is not wheelchair accessible.
Does Signature San Francisco have accessible parking?
Do you guys take checks?
Michaelhouse Cafe does not offer delivery.
Is Hidden Garden Steps kid-friendly?
Is there a designated smoking area at Finches Bed and Breakfast?
Yes there is a Restaurant and Bar at BEI Hotel San Francisco.
Is it possible to watch TV while dining at Kaiju Eats?
There is facilities and rooms available for disable guests.
Am I allowed to park anywhere in the parking lot?
Lao Table has street parking available.
ok let's see all right they do offer private parking here and it costs seventy dollars a day
Glaze Teriyaki does offer delivery service.
At the JW Marriott San Francisco Union Square room service is provided as a general amenity.
Does this restaurant accept reservations?
Is Tilak good for kids?
Is there 24-hour front desk service at Adelaide Hostel?
The King George hotel has meeting and banquet facilities.
Do you guys take apple pay?
Super Duper Burgers does not take reservations.
Do you have a dress code?
Do you have a dress code?
Yes, there is free WiFi and it's available in all areas.
Do you have a designated smoking area?
There is no Wifi at Delicious Dim Sum.
Do you allow dogs there?
Is airport shuttle is available at Europa Hotel?
What is the ambiance at MaMa Ji's?
The noise level at Rusty's Southern is average.
Good Mong Kok Bakery does not take reservations.
Does KIRKWOOD HOUSE accommodate luggage storage service for their guests?
Yes, bike parking is available at Ocean Beach.
Can I bring a larger group?
Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen's noise level is Average.
Great. Do you know any French speaking staffs will be there?
Sounds good. I'd like to bring my bike there. Can you tell me the parking details at Tom & Jerry's?
Is there a happy hour at True Laurel?
How much is the wifi available?
Payment methods at the Holiday Inn Express San Francisco-Union Square include American Express, Visa, Mastercard, Diners Club, JCB, Carte Blanche and Discover.
great do you know if they have parking available
Can I use a credit card at the hotel?
What are the opening hours at Grace Cathedral?
Do you have any gluten free food?
No, dogs are not allowed at Hard Knox Cafe.
ok that's ok and can i get the address the zip code and also the phone number
Does The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen have wheelchair accessibility?
Does Jasmine Garden have outdoor seating?
A Desi Cafe is wheelchair accessible
The restaurant has vegetarian options.
What kind of services can guests have at the Hotel Kabuki?
The ambiance of DragonEats is casual.
Brenda's French Soul Food has bike parking.
Is visiting the museum by appointment only?
Tartine Bakery & Cafe accepts credit cards.
The HotPot does not have free wi-fi available.
Does Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen take reservations?
No, you cannot pick up your order from Piccolo Forno through the drive thru.
Can I park my vehicle at your place and do I need to make a reservation?
Are there dining facilities onsite?
Pier 33 does not have bike parking available.
Bursa's menu shows no alcoholic beverages.
Private accessible parking is available on site and costs USD 58 per hour.
There are no dining options at Oasis Inn.
Rintaro does not do take out orders.
do any of them have actually a front desk that's open twenty four hours
Sutro's at The Cliff House is wheelchair accessible.
I'm going to be visiting San Francisco and need some help choosing a museum for an outing.
Does Ushio Ramen offer take-out ordering?
Extra beds can be requested for a fee of $50 per person, per night and are subject to availability.
Do you have a luggage storing service?
Does the Arbury Lodge Guesthouse have lift?
Grubbin' does not offer live music.
Does Falafelland offer delivery service?
Are there vegetarian options on the menu?
Unfortunately, there are no hotels in Embarcadero. There are a 3 cheap accommodations nearby. Would you like to hear more details?
Is there parking at the Deccan Spice?
How much does the wifi cost?
How much does the wifi cost?
Sushirrito does not take reservations.
I want to go to a park in Presidio
Rosa's Bed and Breakfast does not provide dry cleaning service.
Sure. Can I get the name and address of the place in Fillmore?
Can I use a credit card to pay for my meal at Panahar?
Does Saffron Brasserie have live music?
Do you offer Vegetarian and Vegan options?
Checkout at the bed and breakfast is 11:00 am
The noise level is loud at Brenda's Meat & Three.
No, La Mar Cebicheria Peruana doesn't offer delivery.
Is dry cleaning service available at HI San Francisco Downtown Hostel?
Does the Kokkari Estiatorio have outdoor seating?.
The Varsity Restaurant does not offer outdoor seating.
Are the hotel rooms heated?
Unfortunately, this restaurant does not have a happy hour.
What's the dress code at de Young?
No there is no extra fee for pets because  pets are not allowed at the Courtyard by Marriott Hotel.
Is there a kitchen available at The Lensfield Hotel?
Plain Jane serves beer and wine.
Does the Super Pan have have outdoor seating ?
Alcatraz Island is open every day from 8:30 am to 6:30pm.
The Cambridge Chop House does not offer delivery service.
What forms of payment do you all accept?
The coffee and tea maker are available for guests at Arbury Lodge Guesthouse.
I'm sorry there are no hostels in that area. Can I look somewhere else, or perhaps find other accomodations?
I would like to dine in a moderate Tex-Mex Restaurant in Union Square.
Kitava offers delivery.
No, Kokkari Estiatorio does not take Apple Pay.
The ambience of Taboun is casual.
Jin Mi Korean Cuisine does not have outdoor seating.
What is the noise level at Oasis Cafe?
There is no safety deposit box in the rooms at HOME FROM HOME.
The address and phone number to Piqueo's is 830 Cortland Ave and (415) 282-8812.
Ambience is casual at Nick's Crispy Tacos.
The front desk is open 24 hours.
The front desk is open 24 hours.
The front desk is open 24 hours.
The front desk is open 24 hours.
Zuni Cafe does not offer delivery service.
Do yall deliver?
does not mention
When is the check-in time at El Shaddai?
No, Mahal of Cambridge does not offer live music.
No, Kitchen Story does not have happy hour.
Credit Cards, Apple Pay and Google Pay are all accepted at The Italian Homemade Company.
Is Exploratorium wheelchair accessible?
Is there a TV at Tasty Pot?
All major credit cards are accepted
What are your opening hours of Dragon Gate?
No, BYOB is not offered at Travellers Rest.
Yes, Saffron Brasserie offers delivery.
Stem Kitchen & Garden does not accept Apple Pay.
Is there dry cleaning available?
Is there dry cleaning available?
Does HI San Francisco Downtown Hostel have fitness center or gym onsite?
Shiraz Restaurant accepts reservations.
The Italian Homemade Company does not have a drive thru.
The Rotunda offers vegan meal options.
Does Saru Sushi Bar accept Apple Pay?
Does Hard Knox Cafe have soy free options?
Does Courtyard by Marriott Fishermans Wharf provide any shuttle service?
Must I make a reservation for dinner at MaMa Ji's?
The checkout time is until noon (12:00).
Alcohol is available at full bar at Nopa.
Do I have to pay for WiFi at the Grant Plaza Hotel?
Delivery service isn't available at The View Lounge.
Is Apple Pay accepted at Molinari Delicatessen?
Sutro's at the Cliff House accepts credit cards.
Does Besharam accept any cryptocurrencies?
Can I have their zip code?
Can you tell me about the ambiance at Boudin Bakery & Cafe?
Is alcohol served at your location?
Will there be a high chair available for my baby at Pizza Hut Fen Ditton?
WiFi is available at Stix for free!
hey how's it going
Piqueo's serves Peruvian food in Bernal Heights. Would you like the address?
Are dogs allowed at Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant?
Prezzo has vegetarian and vegan options.
Sure, the Sea Cliff is home to the Camera Obscura,
24-hour front desk service is available.
La Margherita takes Visa, Mastercard and AMEX.
No dogs allowed at  San Francisco Dungeon .
No, the restaurant does not accept Apple Pay.
No, the restaurant does not accept Apple Pay.
No, the restaurant does not accept Apple Pay.
No, the restaurant does not accept Apple Pay.
Languages spoken at the St. Regis San Francisco include English, Spanish, German, Chinese and French.
7D Experience is not recommended for people with a medical condition.
Does Sugarhill Kitchen offer delivery service?
Do you offer free WiFi at  this hotel?
yes they have vegeterian options on the menu
oh awesome ok and then after that ummm how about we will be tired and i'll need a place to sleep so is there a place to stay in union square kinda in the moderate price range a hotel maybe with a two star
Does El Shaddai offer luggage storage?
Yes, a $100 damage deposit is required, but will be refunded at check-out if there is no damage to property.
Can i park at the hotel?
Are there dry cleaning service offered?
Are there dry cleaning service offered?
Are there dry cleaning service offered?
Are there dry cleaning service offered?
Are there dry cleaning service offered?
Are there dry cleaning service offered?
Are there dry cleaning service offered?
Are there dry cleaning service offered?
Is it especially noisy?
Actually I think I would like to find a longer trail for hiking.
Yes, Rooster & Rice is good for kids.
Can I make a payment by credit card?
Do you provide a coffee or tea maker in your guest rooms?
2 stars, please.
Highchairs are not available at Bloomsbury Restaurant.
Wifi is available at no cost throughout the hotel.
What type of payments do Subs accept?
Yes, there is parking available at India House.
May I bring my pet and is there a charge?
I'm looking for a moderately priced one.
What is their check-out time?
Yes, WiFi is available and is free of charge.
Is 24 hour concierge service available at this hotel?
Do you offer halal meals?
Does Marnee Thai offer free WiFi service?
Is smoking allowed at Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar?
Does the hotel have multi-lingual staff?
What are the hours at the front desk at the King George?
Rooster & Rice offers delivery.
The View Lounge is a tapas restaurant in Union Square.
They han onsite restaurant and Starbucks
Do you offer dry cleaning services?
Do you offer dry cleaning services?
Do you offer dry cleaning services?
What are the hours of operation of Buena Visga Motor Inn?
The check-out time at Allenbell is at 10:00 am.
What are the wifi options at BEI Hotel San Francisco?
I was wondering if dry cleaning is provided?
Yes . May i know the details of bike parking facility available in the museum?
What is offered there?
They accept credit cards, however they do not accept Google Pay or Apple Pay.
the Bac Lieu Restaurant serves alcohol
When is the front desk opened at The Ritz-Carlton, San Francisco?
The rooms at BRIDGE GUEST HOUSE are not accessible.
Cool I'll need their phone number.
No, Nob Hill Cafe does not offer happy hour.
Yes vegetarian options are available.
What payments does Tortellino accept?
Only thing I could find in the area is The Cable Car Museum on 1201 Mason St.
Aquarium of The Bay is good for kids.
The San Francisco Museum of Modern Art is good for kids.
You can find them in The Ferry Building in Embarcadero. Can I give you more information?
Is free WiFi offered at Sutro's at The Cliff House?
Is Bulgara wheelchair accessible?
What is the check-in time at Hotel Spero?
sure that zip code is nine four one zero nine
Accessible parking is available at the InterContinental San Francisco.
The hotel accepts American Express, Discover, Mastercard and Visa.
I found a hotel called the Andrews Hotel. Would you like some more information?
No.  Delicious Dim Sum does not accept cryptocurrency.
Do you accept takeout orders?
Great, what's their address?
Yes, Sessions at the Presidio has free WiFi.
Are dogs allowed at Rintaro?
Does Aha Fresh have take out and a drive thru?
The Gardenia does not take reservations.
Can you tell me about the noise level at Lao Table?
The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen does not have TV.
it's going well thank you so much for asking
Ok, can you recommend one in moderate price range?
Does Pizza Hut City Centre have takeout available?
Can you tell me if the rooms have air-conditioning?
Are concierge services available?
Are concierge services available?
I would like to know how much it costs to get into de Young
Yes, Tanguito offers take-out ordering.
This property has a lift.
Are dogs welcomed at Stix?
Clowns Cafe does not allow Bring Your Own Bottle (BYOB).
Super Pan has street parking.
I want something in the moderate price range
Both continental and full English/Irish breakfast are available.
Hi, do you guys take reservations?
Hi, do you guys take reservations?
There are several options but one of the most popular is Coventry Inn and the address and phone number is as follows: 1901 Lombard Street, San Francisco, CA 94123, (415) 567-1200.
Yes, this establishment offers soy-free menu options.
The Palace of Fine Arts accepts credit cards.
Is Grubbin' good for groups?
What is the noise level at Pho Huynh Hiep 2 - Kevin's Noodle House?
Dogs are not allowed at Picaro.
Does Little Gem accept reservations?
Yes, the rooms at Nob Hill Hotel are heated.
Morty's Delicatessen has no outdoor seats.
do you have ada accessible rooms?
What are the parking options for Hotel Kabuki, a Joie de Vivre Hotel?
Does Tasty Pot have vegeterian friendly options?
Yes, California Academy of Sciences is wheelchair accessible.
WiFi is free in all areas for everyone.
Are extra beds available to add to a room?
What payment methods does W San Francisco accept?
Is there bike parking at Rooster & Rice?
Kin Khao offers a good happy hour.
Smoking is not allowed at Columbus Inn.
What kind of offerings are there?
Hotel staff can speak English, Spanish, Russian, and Filipino.
BYOB isn't possible at INDIA HOUSE.
Restaurant Alimentum serves alcohol and does not allow BYOB.
The Gandhi does not deliver.
The Inn on Folsom provides daily housekeeping
Does Brenda's French Soul Food offer alcohol?
Royal Spice does not have vegetarian friendly options.
Is Charlie Chan wheelchair accessible?
Can you smoke on the property?
Can you smoke on the property?
No, MaMa Ji's is not wheelchair accessible.
Argonaut Hotel is a nice play to stay.
Do you have a more specific area to help the search?
I found several hotels, what about the Comfort Inn By the Bay Hotel San Francisco? Would you like more information?
Is there a place I can store my bags?
Can I park my car at Embarcadero Waterfront?
Do you have take-out available?
I'm looking for a dining establishment in Union Square because I'm heading to San Francisco.
Is this location wheel chair accessible?
When is check-out time at SF Plaza Hotel?
Do you need a reservation for parking at Golden Gate Hotel?
Yes, Yippee Noodle Bar is wheelchair accessible.
Tom and Jerry's House is good for kids.
Is there a meeting room available?
Are dogs allowed at The Little Chihuahua?
Is Bon, Nene good for groups?
It is not available. Would you like me to search for a different hotel?
Is this hotel weheelchair accessible?
What kind of breakfast is served at Home From Home?
Hi! Can you help me find a 1 star motel in the Marina area?
All rooms are non-smoking, but they have a designated smoking area on site.
ok i can probably google it from there uhhh and does it tell you by chance if it's a good place for kids
Do you have room service for your guests?
This hotel provides either a continental or buffet breakfast.
OK, and how much is the admission fee at Yoda Fountain at Lucasfilm?
Is parking available at Pizzetta 211?
Parking costs $67.26 per day at the Axiom Hotel
Does The View Lounge have WiFi?
so they're located on the embarcadero at the corner of beach street and their zip code is nine four one three three
Casual ambience at The GrilledCheezGuy.
Is there concierge services onsite?
Bike parking is available at Kin Khao.
Does Buena Vista Motor Inn have housekeeping?
The Cinderella Bakery & Cafe does not accept reservations.
There are no Halal Options available at Wagamama.
No, Farm : Table does not take reservations.
Check-out time is 11:00am at Nineteen 06 Mission.
Saucy Asian accepts Credit Cards.
Is parking available, and if so, what does it cost?
Yes, you may order vegan stuff here.
How much does it cost for WiFi?
Is Pushkin's wheelchair accessible?
No, any where in San Francisco will be fine.
Does the American Grilled Cheese Kitchen serve alcohol?
what are there for two star hotels in Chinatown
Is Exploratorium After Dark good for kids?
does Nandos City Centre have wheelchair access?
Can I make a reservation at Golden House?
Champa Garden does accept reservations.
Is biking parking available at Arizmendi Bakery?
The Marketplace is open weekdays from 10am to 6pm and on Saturday from 9 to 6 and Sunday 11 to 5. Can I help you with anything else?
No, Mensho Tokyo doesn't offer bike parking.
Glaze Teriyaki is good for groups.
You may not smoke at the Hamilton Lodge.
Sitar Tandoori does not offer live music.
The Kensington Park Hotel provides extra beds.
How about just Art in the Mission?
The address is 2301 20th St
Can you tell me your parking options?
No, the Grant Hotel does not have lift.
Yes, as long as it is a manual/powered wheelchairs or a mobility scooter; that is smaller than 70x120cm and lighter than 300 kilograms.
What are the payment options at Meze Bar?
You can not bring your own bottle at Tandoori Palace.
This establishment has a casual ambiance.
OK, and where do I park at the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art?
Unfortunately pets are not allowed on this property.
Yes, where do I park my car for Bernal Heights Park?
What languages are spoken at European Hostel?
I'd recommend Pier 33. Would you like their address?
Is there an onsite pool at Ashley Hotel?
What parking options are available at your location?
Loch Fyne serves alcohol.
This company does not.
This company does not.
This company does not.
This company does not.
This company does not.
This company does not.
What are my payment options available?
The noise level at Berber is average.
It has good food and drinks, a place to sit outside and have a relaxing meal. Over all I would say up scale causal.
Is Napolito wheelchair accessible?
Does Backstreet Bistro have high chairs for children?
Does HI SanFrancisco City Center Hostel have concierge service?
Do you have Gluten free options available?
unfortunately i'm unable to find that out for you in my database i'm sorry
Can you tell me the zip code and the phone number of the Boudin Bakery and Cafe?
Yes, it offers takeout.
Yes, it offers takeout.
Yes, it offers takeout.
Yes, it offers takeout.
Private parkingat the Inn at Union Square costs USD 53 per day.
Can I park my bike at The 16th Avenue Tiled Steps?
Yes, concierge service is provied at the Tilden Hotel.
Does Stem Kitchen & Garden offer vegetarian friendly options?
do you accept bit coin
Yes, Ushio Ramen has TV.
Where do I park my car?
Is there a damage deposit?
There is free WiFi available in all areas at the Oasis Inn.
Yes, there is a variety of vegan options available at Flour + Water Pizzeria.
No, Google Pay is not accepted here.
No, Google Pay is not accepted here.
Cryptocurrency is not accepted as a form of payment at Franciscan Crab Restaurant.
Clowns Cafe does not take reservations.
Does Civic Center Motor Inn have fitness center or gym onsite?
Continental or full English/Irish breakfast.
What hours is the reception desk open at The Wharf Inn?
There is no onsite spa at ALPHA-MILTON GUEST HOUSE.
Are the rooms at Hyatt Centric Fisherman's Wharf San Francisco air conditioned?
Yes, they offer rooms with disability access.
ok no worries ummm can i book two rooms there starting tuesday for four nights
Does Ali Baba offer parking?
There is an iron facility available at Express By Holiday Inn Cambridge.
Does Lao Table accept Google Pay as a payment method?
The Halal Guys restaurant has ambience that can be considered casual.
What kind of parking is there?
What kind of parking is there?
What kind of parking is there?
What kind of parking is there?
What kind of parking is there?
Is Hard Knox Cafe by appointment only?
Does Han Il Kwan take reservations?
do you have vegetarain options
Yes, is free Wifi available there?
Does the BLOOMSBURY RESTAURANT take reservations?.
No, the restaurant does not allow dogs.
No, the restaurant does not allow dogs.
No, the restaurant does not allow dogs.
No, the restaurant does not allow dogs.
Farmhouse kitchen Thai Cuisine accepts Apple Pay and credit cards.
Saint Johns Chop House does offer parking.
How about same area but a hotel with 3 stars and moderately priced?
What is the latest I can check out of my room?
Parking is available at The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill.
Is Uno Dos Tacos good for groups?
Yes, there are vegetarian and vegan options.
Are there any fitness center on site?
Are there any fitness center on site?
You cannot smoke at Seven Hills.
Can I park my bike at Palace Of Fine Arts?
Yes, elevators are available at Americania Hotel.
How much does wifi cost?
Balompie Cafe has not gluten free options.
DO you have BYOB?
No, Pizzeria Delfina - Pacific Heights doesn't take reservations.
Restaurant Alimentum accepts American Express, Mastercard, and Visa.
Yes, Proposition Chicken offers delivery.
Hops & Hominy does not accept cryptocurrency.
Can I pay using a credit card?
Mahal of Cambridge does not offer gluten free options at this time.
Atelier Crenn does not offer delivery service.
Does DragonEats have TV?
No, can you find me some cable cars in Union Square instead?
The Inn on Broadway is a cheap, 2 star motel. I've successfully booked your room, the confirmation code is BQYLM9. Can I help you with anything else?
Could you please book a room at Marriott for tonight?
Rice House does not offer live music.
Is there any gluten free option on the menu?
Is there a fee to cross the Golden Gate Bridge?
No, all  seating appears to be indoors.
Does Pizza Hut Fen Ditton offer take-out ordering?
Yes, this restaurant currently offers both vegan and gluten free options.
The Brazen Head offers free WiFi.
Is Papito Hayes a good place to bring children?
Do you offer on site parking?
Take-out ordering is offered at Leopold's.
Yes, you may watch TV here.
There is no concierge service on hand at the Hobsons House, sorry.
What is the bar options like there?
Is air conditioning available in the rooms at this hotel?
Does Uno Dos Tacos have TV available?
No, there is no live music offered at the Riverside Brasserie.
Validated Parking, Street Parking, Free Off-Street Parking is available at Saffron Brasserie.
Is Dragon Beaux good for groups?
The minimum age to check-in at the Hayes Valley Inn is 18 years old.
Yes, W San Fransisco provides daily housekeeping service.
Do you have any smoking rooms available at your location?
Does THE RIVER BAR STEAKHOUSE AND GRILL offer halal options?
Is Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar kid friendly?
Are reservations taken?
Are reservations taken?
Are reservations taken?
No, Deli Board does not offer television.
Liholiho Yacht Club does accept Google Play.
Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen does take reservations.
Is outdoor seating offered at Saru Sushi Bar?
Do they offer breakfast?
no dogs are not allowed
You cannot find gluten free options at Newkirk's.
No, The Pawn Shop is not good for kids.
Does W San Francisco have a daily housekeeping service?
Street and private lot parking are available at Thai Time Restaurant.
There is a restaurant and a bar onsite at Huntingdon Marriott Hotel.
At the bottom of the amenities page information about extra beds is available.
There is no outdoor seating available at SITAR TANDOORI.
Pipasha Restaurant does not offer delivery service.
There are double, queen and king rooms available with disability access at the Hyatt Centric Fisherman's Wharf San Francisco.
Street parking is available at Dragon Beaux.
Hi, what's the noise level usually like there?
Restaurant TwoTwo does not offer take -out.
Yes, I'd like to know the opening hours for Madame Tussaud's.
No, the Hotel Bijou is a smoke-free property.
Can we bring in our own bottle of wine?
No, Super Duper Burgers does not have TV.
Is Balmy Street Murals wheelchair accessible?
Yes, WiFi is available and free of charge at Bay Bridge Inn San Francisco
Yes, can you tell me the address with the zip code included?
The Copper Kettle does not offer live music.
Does Soul take reservations?
Is there any dresscode to visit Palace Of Fine Arts?
No, BYOB is not possible at Zizzi Cambridge.
What is the check in time at the hotel?
What is the check in time at the hotel?
What is the check in time at the hotel?
What is the check in time at the hotel?
What is the check in time at the hotel?
What is the check in time at the hotel?
What is the check in time at the hotel?
What is the check in time at the hotel?
What is the check in time at the hotel?
What is the check in time at the hotel?
What is the check in time at the hotel?
What is the check in time at the hotel?
What is the check in time at the hotel?
What is the check in time at the hotel?
What is the check in time at the hotel?
What is the check in time at the hotel?
What is the check in time at the hotel?
What is the check in time at the hotel?
What is the check in time at the hotel?
What is the check in time at the hotel?
What is the check in time at the hotel?
What is the check in time at the hotel?
What is the check in time at the hotel?
What is the check in time at the hotel?
What is the check in time at the hotel?
What is the check in time at the hotel?
What is the check in time at the hotel?
What is the check in time at the hotel?
What is the check in time at the hotel?
What is the check in time at the hotel?
La Mediterranee does have outdoor seating.
Does Saucy Asian offer happy hour?
Free WiFi is available throughout the hotel.
Is there a TV at your restaurant?
I have two restaurants that fit that criteria. One is Blue Barn Gourmet at 2237 Polk St. The other is Sumac located at 1096 Union St.
Tasty Pot is good for groups.
Is Warakubune Sushi good for groups?
ok uhhh is it a smoking non smoking type of establishment
Street parking is available at Ina Coolbrith Park.
Is a restaurant or bar in the hotel?
Does San Francisco Museum of Modern Art allow dogs?
Yes, alcohol is served at Graffiti.
Yes, The Bird is good for groups.
The Grove Inn offers concierge service for customers.
Does the CAFFE UNO have outdoor seating?.
Is the Cellarmaker House of Pizza good for kids?.
Check-in time is at 4:00 PM.
The 16th Avenue Tiled Steps opens at 9:30 AM Monday to Saturday and at 10:00 AM on Sundays. It closes at 5pm each day.
Yes, beer and wine are available on the drink menu.
Parking is free at the Francisco Bay Inn.
They accept American Express, Mastercard, and Visa.
Yes, the front desk is open for 24 hours at Bel Air Hotel.
Is this an ok place for a large group?
Do you all offer takeout?
Sitar Tandoori does not have any halal options.
ok and what's their price ra range
The check-in time at the Holiday Inn San Francisco is 3:00pm and beyond.
yeah let me go ahead and check. all right nothing is showing up for that area would somewhere else work for you instead
Does Bizza offer bike parking?
Does Rintaro have bike parking?
Do you accept reservations at Riverside?
Is free parking available at your location?
No, Kitchen Istanbul doesn't have TV available.
Bike parking is available at Pacific Cafe.
No, Sesame Restaurant and Bar does not have free WiFi.
There is no swimming pool onsite.
Their address is the Golden Gate Bridge, and the zip code is 94129.
Am I able to bring my dog to stay with me in my room?
I have a listing for Lombard Plaza Motel, rated one star, on Lombard street. Would you like the phone number?
Is Tacorea good for happy hour?
No dogs allowed at Subpar Miniature Golf.
Hey, so what's the ambience over there at Tartine?
Does Aziza offer delivery services?
Yes, Aliment is good for groups.
I need to eat out in Chinatown
Does The GrilledCheezGuy take reservations?
Hotel Bijou provides 24 hour front desk services.
Yes, there are public toilets available in the stations.
Certainly. What type of place in particular are you interested in visiting?
There is free WiFi in all areas at the Amsterdam Hostel.
Parking is not available at Hayes Valley Inn.
Are there restaurants nearby?
I have one match, Tony's Pizza Napoletana, and it has a moderate price range.
Kitava is good for groups.
Do you vegetarian options on your menu?
Arabic, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Mongolian, Thai, Filipino, and Chinese are spoken at Carriage Inn.
Curry King does not have high chairs available for babies.
Hops & Hominy has a classy and trendy ambiance.
Do you have many gluten free options on the menu?
Eraina does not offer take out ordering.
How loud is it over there during peak hours?
Do you all offer Happy hour?
What does it cost for admission at Cartoon Art Museum?
Take-out ordering is available at Opa Cafe.
The Adelaide Hostel provides daily housekeeping service.
Souvla does not list vegan options as one of the amenities it offers.
Is smoking allowed at your hotel?
What time is check out tine of the phoenix?
Yes, The Cheesecake Factory is good for kids.
No, Aliment does not offer WiFi.
Is room service provided at Carolina Bed and Breakfast?
Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant does offer delivery services.
Yippee Noodle Bar does not have halal options.
Are the rooms at Nob Hill Motor Inn heated?
Is there any kitchen available for guests at Taj Campton Place?
Do we need to sign up ahead of time for a tour?
Hot Sauce and Panko accepts credit cards and Apple Pay.
Do you have safety deposit boxes in your rooms?
Can you let me know what price range you're interested in?
Thai House Express does offer take-out ordering.
WiFi is free at HI San Francisco City Center Hostel.
No, Sumac does not take reservations.
The noise level is average at New Dumpling King.
ok ummm could you give me the address and the zip code uhhh and also the price range
A reservation is not required for parking.
Yes, the restaurant is good for groups.
Yes, the restaurant is good for groups.
Yes, the restaurant is good for groups.
No dogs allowed at Pakwan Restaurant.
Frascati do not have TV.
What are the business hours for Legion of Honor?
No, there are no age requirements for check-in here.
Does Shish Ke Baba have an happy hour?
Jinling Noodle Bar does not offer live music.
I'm not looking for any particular price range or star rating, so can you just pick a place?
Alcohol is not served at Royal Standard.
Can I get to-go at The Italian Homemade Company?
There is no bike parking available at Amarena.
What days and times is Camera Obscura open?
Parking is only Streets.
Parking is only Streets.
Parking is only Streets.
Noise level is average at Octavia.
Could i get the hotel with a four star rating?
I'm looking for places I can visit like a visitor center in Civic Center.
Do you offer any wine?
Yes, Pier 7 is good for kids.
La Mimosa does not have halal options.
Does this hotel have parking available on site?
Is there smoking at Club Donatello?
Website does not state the cost of parking.
Do you have seating for toddlers or babies?
Do I need to also make a reservation for parking?
Check-in is between 3:00 pm and 7:30 pm.
The Slug and Lettuce does not have vegetarian options.
Pier Market Seafood Restaurant is good for kids.
Aquarium Of The Bay offers military discounts.
No, Tanguito does not accept Apple Pay.
Yes, Google Pay is accepted here.
Yes, Google Pay is accepted here.
Free public parking is available.
The phone number for Baker Beach is (415) 561-4323.
Credit cards and debit cards are accepted.
Check in time is between 13:00 - 19:00 at Finches Bed and Breakfast.
Caffe Uno does not offer live music.
Warkworth House does not provide any luggage storage service.
BYOB is not possible at Pizza Hut City Centre.
THere is an age restriction of 21 to check-in at Hotel Zephyr San Francisco.
Do you offer breakfast?
The zip code is 94133.
Will kids enjoy Jake's Steaks?
Yes, can I get their phone number and zip code?
Jasmine Garden does allow reservations.
THE RIVER BAR STEAKHOUSE AND GRILL does not have outdoor seats.
Is WiFi available at Warkworth House?
No Cotogna doesn't accept Google Pay.
No, they do not accept Google Pay.
No, they do not accept Google Pay.
No, they do not accept Google Pay.
How is the ambience of Grubbin'?
Nick's Crispy Tacos offers full bar alcohol along with happy hour specials.
do you accept credit cards
do you accept credit cards
The Thai Time Restaurant does not offer WiFi.
Jasmine Garden offers free WiFi.
Is there a certain time I can check in?
Yes they offer both takeout and delivery services.
What payment options are at Pho Huynh Hiep 2 - Kevin's Noodle House?
Do they have an elevator?
It doesn't cost a thing, its free for all!
Do they have luggage storage?
Does Pizzeria Delfina - Pacific Heights accept reservations?
Is The Italian Homemade Company good for groups?
yes absolutely can you get the phone number and zip code please
The Flying Falafel does not serve alcohol.
Does this site require any safety deposit?
BYOB is not possible at Micaelhouse Cafe.
Yes, Ferry Building Bike Rentals is in Embarcadero.
Can I make a reservation at Midsummer House Restaurant?
Does Sushirrito take Apple Pay?
Do they offer vegan options?
Do they offer vegan options?
Kirkwood House does not provide shuttle service.
There are no TVs at Atelier Crenn.
Yes, True Laurel offers happy hour.
They do not accept Apple pay
Do you have any specific price range in your mind?
Is Clarion Alley good for kids?
Does Sumac offer take-out orders?
Yes, this hotel does offer en elevator.
Yes, Old Jerusalem Restaurant takes Apple Pay.
No, there is no free WiFi at Sitar Tandoori
Payment option available at Seven Hills  is only Accepts Credit Cards.
Can I park my bike at Cable Car - Powell/Hyde Line?
Does Loch Fyne serve alcohol?
Google Pay is not accepted for payment at Pizzetta 211.
Does Curry King have gluten free options?
Are there kids able to be there/
Is Saru Sushi Bar wheelchair accessible?
English, Spanish, and Hindi are spoken at Bel Air Hotel
Live music is not offered at The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway.
How's the noise at Little Gem?
Pakwan Restaurant is perfect for kids.
No, unfortunately Foreign Cinema does not accept Google Pay.
If I need help during the night, will there be someone there to help?
BYOB is not an option at Royal Spice.
No extra beds are offered at this hotel
Do they have a television at Benu?
No, The Gandhi doesn't accept reservations.
City Centre North B and N does not provide dry cleaning service.
Noise level is average at Lovejoy's Tea Room.
Does FITZBILLIES RESTAURANT have outdoor seating available?
There is no specific dress code at Takara Sushi, it is casual.
It is located on the wharf
Street parking is available for cars at Leopold's.
Noe's Nest Bed and Breakfast accepts American Express, Visa, MasterCard and Discover cards.
Does Corridor Restaurant have high chairs?
The Kensington Hotel has an elevator
cool and last question ummm do you know if they allow dogs at the park
Hey what kind of ambience do you guys have there?
Yes, they do have T.V.
The Cathedral opens at 9:30 in the morning from Monday to Friday. Any other questions?
Do you have halal?
Do you have halal?
Do you have halal?
Do you have halal?
Do you have halal?
Do you have halal?
Do you have halal?
Do you have halal?
Does Panahar offer gluten free food?
How the nose meter there?
Does Californios take reservations?
There is take out options.
Stix accepts Apple Pay.
Does San Francisco Museum of Modern Art accept Apple Pay?
Aquarium Of The Bay is wheelchair accessible.
High chairs are available.
High chairs are available.
Can I use free wifi there?
Can I use free wifi there?
Is there WiFi offered?
What types of payments does Brenda's French Soul Food take?
Allenbell does not have a swimming pool onsite.
Can you tell me if Papito Hayes is good for a large group?
Can I get delivery from The Hotpot?
Does Aziza have outdoor seating?
Chinese, English and Spanish are spoken at the Pacific Heights Inn.
Does this restaurant serve alcohol?
ok let me go ahead and see what i can find all right no aquariums are showing up is there something else that might interest you
Yes, I'm looking for moderately priced restaurants near there.
The Carriage Inn does have elevators
There is no delivery option.
Yes, Marnee Thai takes reservations.
The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen offers delivery service.
Is The 16th Avenue Tiled Steps good for kids?
Does the Gourmet Burger serve gluten free options?
The University Arms Hotel does offer laundry facilities, but no ironing facilities.
Is Apple Pay accepted at Exploratorium After Dark?
Payment options at Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen include Apple Pay, Google Pay, and Credit Cards.
Is Google Pay accepted for payment?
are dogs allowed?
The Presidio is open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
Is alcohol served at La Mar Cebicheria Peruana?
Either is fine. I'll just need the address and phone number.
There is no spa facility at Huntingdon Marriott Hotel.
Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf has a fitness center onsite.
Can I get help in another language?
There are no rooms at Rosa's bed and breakfast that are accessible for disabilities.
Parking is free at the Aylesbray Lodge Guest House.
Extra beds are available at Orchard Garden Hotel.
Do you offer any on site food or drinks?
You could try Boudin Bakery & Cafe.
Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant offers beer and wine.
Is take-out available at Saru Sushi Bar?
Is there WiFi at Hops & Hominy?
I need a cheap hotel in Union Square
American Express, Visa and Master Cards options are available.
Kokkari Estiatorio is perfect place for kids.
Does Deccan Spice have TV?
Does Warfield Hotel have accessible parking?
Madame Tussauds San Francisco is good for kids.
There is free wifi at besharam.
What time is check in at Hotel Nikko San Francisco?
Yes.Hilton San Franciso Union Square has Elevator.
There is laundry available at Alexander Bed and Breakfast.
Does the guesthouse offer any free breakfast?
Hi. I'm trying to find a moderately priced hotel in Japantown.
Pets are not allowed at Hobsons House.
Heated rooms are available at the Four Seasons Hotel in San Francisco.
Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen does not have outdoor seats.
What are the Golden Gate Bridge Welcome Center's opening hours?
Is it possible to get extra beds there?
New Eritrea Restaurant & Bar is good for groups.
There is no spa onsite at Worth House
Private off-site parking is available.
When is standard check in?
Does The Bac Lieu Restaurant offer take-out ordering?
Microwaves are available to use in the kitchen for guests at A AND B GUEST HOUSE.
Is Uno Dos Tacos wheelchair accessible?
There are no  designated smoking areas at all here.
hi uhhh i'm looking for landmark to go to in fisherman's wharf ummm do you have any recommendations
Zazie does not offer happy hour.
Yes, you can book a table in advance.
Yes, you can book a table in advance.
Dragon Beaux does not have WiFi.
What is the noise level at The Rotunda?
What breakfast options are available at Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf?
No breakfast is included. But a coffee shop with expresso bar is available at Hilton Parc 55 San Francisco Union Square.
Check-in time is from 3 pm at the Axiom Hotel.
Do you provide free parking?
Are their any aquariums then?
Kitchen Istanbul does not accept Cryptocurrency.
Is The Presidio good for kids?
Ambience level is classy and trendy at Cotogna.
Hey, do you guys do take-out orders there?
What kind of parking is available at Troya?
Is there any concierge service provided by the Lensfield Hotel?
Saru Sushi Bar is wheelchair accessible.
No there is not.
Is your hotel a non-smoking hotel?
What type of payment is accepted at Allenbell?
Is Californios a good place for children?
Can I order an extra bed for my room?
What payment options does My Tofu House take?
How much is parking there?
do they have any laundry facility available for guests?
Is parking available onsite, and if so, what does it cost?
Twin Peaks Hotel accepts Visa, Mastercard and American Express.
Does the Dragon Beaux  have Delivery options?
La Taqueria has vegetarian friendly options.
Free on-site parking is available at Motel 6 San Francisco Downtown.
Leo Table accepts credit cards and Google Pay.
What payment methods are available for the Golden Gate Bridge toll?
Are there high chairs available for babies at Zizzi Cambridge?
of course address is four six five grove street zip code nine four one zero two and phone number four one five eight six four four zero four zero
Is there outdoor seating at The Alembic?
Yes, you can order online for take out from this restaurant.
Is Bay Subs & Deli good for kids?
Kitchen Istanbul has an average noise level.
Yes, daily housekeeping is provided by this hotel.
The Alembic does not have bike parking.
Burma Love has an average noise level.
No, Truly Mediterranean doesn't have TV.
Do you have specials during happy hour?
The Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Downtown/Van Ness Ave has air conditioned rooms
No, there is not a fitness center on gym onsite
Breakfast option is continental at Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Downtown.
No Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen doesn't accept Google Pay.
Does the Grafton Hotel Restaurant offer delivery service?
Yes the rooms are air conditioned
Yes the rooms are air conditioned
The Batteries to Bluffs Trail is 0.7 miles in length.
Do you have onsite parking?
Do you have onsite parking?
Do you have onsite parking?
Is there a place at Shalimar for me to park my bike?
Do you offer any vegetarian food?
Dogs are not allowed here.
Dogs are not allowed here.
Does the Karaweik Burmese Cuisine deliver?
do you have around the clock staff at the front desk?
No, the on-site private parking is available with out a reservation, but does cost $11.40/day.
Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar takes reservations.
Do I need reservation for parking at the Hotel?
Is there take out?
Rooms at the Hilton San Francisco Union Square are air conditioned
Is Bangkok City wheelchair accessible?
The Alpha Inn and Suites does not offer extra beds
Take out is available here.
There is no wheelchair access at Royal Spice.
Good evening, is it possible to order for takeout?
Luggage storage is not an offered service at Arbury Lodge Guesthouse.
Can I use Apple Pay at your establishment?
Is the place suitable for children?
No, the restaurant does not offer WiFi.
No, the restaurant does not offer WiFi.
There is outdoor seating.
Free private parking is available on site.  No parking reservation is needed.
Does Bella Trattoria have vegan friendly options?
Yes, through a link on their website to OpenTable.
Does Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen offer happy hour?
A free continental breakfast is served at at Fitzgerald Hotel Union Square
Yes, there is accessible parking at Autumn House.
Can I bring my own wine?
Can I get take out from Mahal of Cambridge?
MAHAL OF CAMBRIDGE does not offer delivery service.
Tandoori Palace does not have gluten free options.
The rooms at HI San Francisco Downtown Hostel are heated.
Only service animals are allowed on the property.
Nopalito does have vegetarian options.
What is the earliest time I can check-in at Bridge Guest House?
No, Saffron Brasserie does not have outdoor seating.
Do you take reseravtions?
Do you take reseravtions?
Do you take reseravtions?
Do you take reseravtions?
We don't provide any concierge service here.
The University Club of San Francisco offers luggage storage service
I've found Bulgara, which serves Mediterranean food. Does that sound good to you?
No, Cambridge Lodge Restaurant does not offer take-out ordering service.
How often are the rooms cleaned at your hotel?
Yes, the Winsor Hotel has lift.
Azalina's does not accept Cryptocurrency.
The Blind Butcher does not offer a happy hour
Yes, Maharajah Tandoori Restaurant has delivery options.
Is there free WiFi at the Phoenix Hotel?
Does SF Honey Pig Korean BBQ have high chairs for babies?
Is Swan Oyster Depot a good place for kids?
Are reservations necessary there?
Are reservations necessary there?
Are reservations necessary there?
Take out ordering is not available at Liholiho Yacht Club.
Charlie Chan doesn't offer halal options in its' menu.
Does Chelsea Inn provide any concierge service?
The rooms at the Inn San Francisco are heated.
There is a laundry facility at Home from Home.
Hobsons House offers free private parking, however a reservation is needed.
Does The Copper Kettle Deliver?
You might enjoy Gregangelo's Velocity Arts & Entertainment. Would you like to hear more about it?
Roma Antica does not take reservations.
There are no hotels there. What about another beach area?
Ambience is classy and trendy at State Bird Provisions.
Pizzetta 211 does not accept reservations.
Greek, English, and Romanian are spoken at the Bridge Guest House.
Yes there is daily housekeeping provided.
Hi, do you guys serve any alcohol there?
The Admiral Hotel does not have pool access.
Yes, delivery service is available from HK Fusion.
Parking is available at  Farm : Table.
What credit cards are accepted at SF Plaza Hotel?
I'm not looking for any particular amenities.
Papito Hayes not offering delivery service.
Yes, there is a nearby parking garage available for King George guests.
Bike parking is available at Rooster & Rice.
There are no meeting or banquet facilities.
Is your restaurant a good place to bring my children?
There is no onsite parking at Ashley Hotel.
What about Axiom Hotel? It's the only 4-star hotel in a cheap price range.
Loving Hut does not accept Google Pay.
No, we don't offer take-out ordering at Shanghai Family Restaurant.
Hyatt Centric Fisherman's Wharf San Francisco has meeting and banquet facilities available for an additional price.
No, dogs are not allowed at Dragon Beaux.
Charlie Chan does not have high chairs available for babies.
Does Newkirk's have gluten free options?
Do you have any bars or resaurants at the hostel?
Does the CURRY PRINCE  serve Alcohol?
I want to see some local flavor in Civic Center
Pakwan Restaurant does not have TV.
Do you offer wifi for guests?
Does Andrews Hotel provide any shuttle service?
Do you allow your guests to BYOB?
Nopa is considered a good restaurant for kids.
If I have trouble climbing stairs, will I be able to get to my room if it's on an upper floor?
Yes, you can stay with your children.
Is this place suitable for groups?
Languages spoken are Chinese, English, French, Filipino, and Vietnamese.
Tang Chinese is not wheelchair accessible.
Check out time is until 11 hours at Nob Hill Motor Inn.
THE SLUG AND LETTUCE doesn't offer take out ordering
Reservations are not necessary. Valet parking is available, as well as free self-parking.
Amarena does offer happy hour.
Hey do you guys serve alcohol?
San Francisco City Hall does not offer parking.
Yes, complimentary daily housekeeping is included with your reservation.
Does Tanguito offer take-out ordering?
Smoking is not permitted
There are facilities for disabled guests at San Francisco Proper Hotel.
Do you take credit cards or do I need to bring cash?
City Centre North B and B has a restaurant onsite.
The restaurant COTE does not have outdoor seating.
Yes Dumpling Alley has TV.
Could you show me the zip code for this attraction?
yeah uhhh can you give me the zip code the zip
No, La Taqueria doesn't accept reservations.
Does Papito Potrero Hill have a drive-thru?
Ram's Hotel does not provide accessible parking.
What is the deposit for safety?
The Hotel Spero has meeting and banquet facilities
English, Spanish and Italian languages are spoken at Archway House.
phone numberis four one five seven seven five four seven zero zero
What are the breakfast options at SF Plaza Hotel?
Hunan Home's Restaurant does not accept Cryptocurrency.
Street parking is available at Turner's Kitchen.
Is Taqueria Los Coyotes good for kids?
Pho 2000 has TV.
Payment options at YH-Beijing include credit cards.
Can I make reservations at Plain Jane?
Is KoJa Kitchen good for kids?
Guests must be at least 18 years old to check-in at Lovell Lodge.
What is the dress code at Cotogna?
Is there live music at Eraina?
Orchard Garden Hotel doesn't offer any breakfast.
Is this a good place for groups?
Is this a good place for groups?
Is this a good place for groups?
Is this a good place for groups?
Is this a good place for groups?
Is this a good place for groups?
Is this a good place for groups?
Is it an ok place to take kids?
Yes, Hotel Nikko San Francisco does provide concierge service.
The Pawn Shop is good for groups.
Does GRAFTON HOTEL RESTAURANT offer take-out ordering?
Yes, they offer delivery service.
Yes, they offer delivery service.
Yes, they offer delivery service.
Yes, they offer delivery service.
Yes, they offer delivery service.
Yes, they offer delivery service.
Yes, they offer delivery service.
Yes, they offer delivery service.
Tilak is good for groups.
Is there a place to park at Nopalito?
The front desk at Hyatt Place San Francisco/Downtown is open 24 hours.
Cova Hotel has meeting and banquet facilities available for an additional charge.
Is there a full bar at Zuni Cafe?
We don't offer free WiFi at Clowns Cafe.
Does Michaelhouse Cafe serve halal foods?
Yes, Fable is good for groups.
How about from Thursday for 4 nights?
The Rotunda is wheelchair accessible.
Corridor Restaurant does not accept Apple Pay.
Walt Disney Family Museum has no parking available.
Yes, LITTLE SEOUL does offer take-out ordering.
Are groups allowed at Boba Guys?
Opa cafe does not serve alcohol
Yes there is luggage service provide, please ask at the front desk.
I perfer either Hyatt or Hilton.
Is parking available at the Dojo Noodle Bar?
Yes, Warkworth House provides free breakfast.
Are there any cooking appliances available for use at Hobsons House?
Yes, the restaurant has outdoor seating available.
Petite Auberge	is a moderate 3 star bed and breakfast. Will this work?
Hi, do you offer free WiFi to your customers?
The Courtyard by Marriott located in downtown San Francisco is a smoke free property, no smoking is allowed on the property.
Is the front desk open throughout the day and night?
The Hamilton Lodge front desk is not open 24 hours.
Does it cost extra to bring my dog?
Rusty's Southern accepts credit cards.
There are not onsite restaurants or bars at Hampton Inn San Francisco Downtwon/Convention Center.
WiFi is free at the Taj Campton Place.
They offer a relaxing, dimly lit atmosphere but they do not offer free WiFi.
Yes. Tortellino offer free WiFi.
Can you tell me if the rooms are heated?
Is the front desk at Layne Hotel open 24 hours?
Beer and wine are the only alcohol choices at Souvla.
Does the Woodhouse Fish is good for Kids?.
Besharam is good for groups.
What kind of atmosphere does Super Duper Burgers have?
Does Benu offer free WiFi?
Guests may have breakfast in their rooms or in the restaurant.
sure their address is seven three six mission street
Does La Mimosa have gluten free options?
You can park your bike at Deli Board.
I would like a cheap 2 star hotel.
is there a certain areas to park my car?
The Fly Trap accepts credit cards as payment but not Google Pay or Apple Pay.
Luggage storage service is provided at Front Desk at Hampton Inn San Francisco Downtown/Convention Center.
Check-out time is until 12 PM at the Grant Plaza Hotel
Credit cards are accepted at Panahar.
Does The Cheesecake Factory offer happy hour?
Yes, but first, do they have wheelchair accessibility at Pier 33?
What is the latest time I can check out?
Is Birdsong a good place for groups?
No LA TASCA doesn't offer delivery service.
Wifi is free at the Luz Hotel
Jinling Noodle Bar does not offer gluten free options.
Outerlands hs high chairs available for babies.
Do you have alcohol?
Do you have alcohol?
Does the SAJJ Mediterranean offer Free Wifi?
Does Hotel Boheme have swimming pool onsite?
Is take out offered at The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen?
Could I reserve a parking space?
Delivery is not available at Pho Huynh Hiep 2 - Kevin's Noodle House.
Are there any restrooms available for public use at Bernal Heights Park?
The accepted methods are Visa, Mastercard, Discover, American Express, Diner's Club, JCB, and UnionPay.
Mars Bar & Restaurant offers take-out and delivery.
Hotels in this area range in star rating from 3 to 5. I can recommend the Courtyard by Marriott Fishermans Wharf if you want more info on this hotel.
WiFi is free at this property.
There is no outdoor seating at La Margherita.
Is Madame Tussauds San Francisco good for kids?
Yes, here is the telephone number: (415) 835-0019. What else may I help you with?
Yes, street parking is available.
Yes, street parking is available.
Yes, street parking is available.
Yes, street parking is available.
Yes, street parking is available.
Yes, street parking is available.
Do you have a swimming pool there?
Does Tacko offer bike parking?
What is the mood like at Taqueria Los Coyotes?
Yes, Besharam offers delivery service.
Yes, there is a parking garage at Union Square.
ok let me go ahead and search that all right we do have one option showing up and it's called hotel sunrise is that something you might be interested in
There is not an age restriction to check in at Pacific Heights Inn by Magnuson Worldwide.
How much do you charge for WIFI?
Is there outside seating availlable at Leopold's?
Does Fog Harbor Fish House offer delivery services?
No, Winsor Hotel is smoke free property.
Jin Mi Korean Cuisine does not accept Apple Pay.
Does Pho Huynh Hiep 2 - Kevin's Noodle House accept Google Pay?
Hi, what are some places to go in the Civic Center?
Do you have a happy hour on weekdays?
Street parking is available at MaMa Ji's.
Souvla does not enforce a dress code.
Can I bring my own beer to The cow pizza Kitchen and Bar?
Can you get me the phone number?
Does The Pawn Shop have a TV for guests?
Are there televisions to watch at Super Duper Burgers?
Is free wifi available at your location?
I want to see a landmark in Marina
Cool. What are the opening hours at the museum, please?
Filipino
Is Backstreet Bistro wheelchair accessible?
No, breakfast is not free at Carolina Bed and Breakfast.
Where can I work out when I stay at your at your hotel?
ok ummm do you know if they accept apple pay
Unfortunately, this hotel does not currently offer any extra beds.
Is there an onsite spa at City Centre North B and B?
Is Marnee Thai a good place to bring kids?
The Rotunda has a full bar.
Proposition Chicken is wheelchair accessible.
No parking is available at the Desmond Hotel.
Is there an onsite spa?
What kind of reserved parking does Hyatt Place have?
Fisherman's Wharf has a couple cool attractions called 7D Experience and The Flyer which are both amusement parks.
I would like to book a table on Sunday at an expensive restaurant in Dogpatch, one that serves wine bar style food.
Mission Dolores Basilica is open from 9:30 am to 4:00 pm every day.
The Hotel Nikko San Francisco has a 24-hour front desk.
China Beach has bike parking available
Is Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine by appointment only?
Troya has street parking.
Is there parking there?
Is there parking there?
Is there parking there?
Is there parking there?
Is there parking there?
I found Yoda Fountain at Lucasfilm.
Bike parking is available at The Fly Trap.
They accept credit cards, but not GooglePay.
What bedding and room sizes do you offer?
Children are not allowed at City Centre North B and B.
What alcohol does Tilak serve?
Are you smoke free?
Outdoor seating is available at La Mar Cebicheria Peruana.
Boba Guys does not serve alcohol.
Are there heated rooms available at The Marker San Francisco?
Sam Wo Restaurant does not offer happy hour.
What time does Cable Car - Powell/Hyde Line open and close each day?
no because parking is free here.
When do I need to check out?
When do I need to check out?
You can park your car at Parking Garage.
Avalon does not provide dry cleaning service.
Mastercard, Visa, Diners Club, American Express and Discover are all acceptable payment options.
It doesn't matter.
Picaro offers reservations service for its customers.
Laurel Inn, a Joie de Vivre Hotel, has heated rooms.
Can you bring in your pet?
Saucy Asian does not serve alcohol, however, there is a sushi bar.
There are no breakfast options, except for fruit at an additional charge.
The only parking available for Marufuku Ramen SF is the parking garage.
ok let's see if that's available for you all right so it's yeah it's available so i can book two rooms for sunday for one night
If I have a problem in the middle of the night, is there anyone at the front desk?
Is there WiFi service available at Newkirk's?
The Melt - 455 Market restaurant is considered to have an average noise level.
There are no designated smoking areas at the Cornell Hotel de France.
I need Chinese food in Chinatown
When is check in time?
Presidio can accept the mastercard?
TV is not available at Rooster & Rice.
The front desk at the Buena Vista Motor Inn is open 24 hours a day.
Yes, the rooms are air-conditioned.
Yes, the rooms are air-conditioned.
Yes, the rooms are air-conditioned.
Yes, the rooms are air-conditioned.
Yes, the rooms are air-conditioned.
Yes, the rooms are air-conditioned.
Does Lovell Lodge offer dry cleaning service?
Mars Bar & Restaurant has outdoor seats.
What time do I have to check out of my room?
Which credit cards do you accept?
Which credit cards do you accept?
Which credit cards do you accept?
Which credit cards do you accept?
Which credit cards do you accept?
Which credit cards do you accept?
Which credit cards do you accept?
What time do I have to check out?
What time do I have to check out?
no problem so uh it's not a bed and breakfast or inn it's a hotel and their address is going to be four six six bush street
What is the average noise level at Thai Time Restaurant?
Starbelly will have television available.
Corridor Restaurant takes reservations.
Is Zazie good for groups?
Unfortunately there are no expensive hotels in Chinatown. Would you like to stay at a moderately priced hotel?
Burmese Kitchen does not accept Apple Pay.
Credit cards are accepted at Meze Bar.
Can I get dry cleaning services there?
Kokkari Estiatorio has vegan options available.
It looks like it does not.
Gozu does not offer live music.
Does The Halal Guys have outdoor seating?
how early can we check in?
is luggage storage available at Admiral Hotel?
definitely they are located two zero zero seven franklin street
The Souvla does not have reservations.
Does Proposition Chicken accept Apple Pay?
The McKinley Square Park Foundation is not wheelchair accessible.
Can I sit outside?
Onsite parking does not require a reservation in advance.
Pets are not allowed at the Buena Vista Motor Inn.
Thank you, Is there a hotel in the Japantown area?
Hey, can you tell me if you take credit cards there?
Is there a kitchen available for the guests at El Shaddai?
Yes, the minimum age for checkin at Bel Air Hotel is a 18.
How much to connect to the wireless?
No, cryptocurrency is not accepted as payment here.
Does San Francisco Zoo accept Apple Pay?
Pets are not allowed at this hotel.
Pets are not allowed at this hotel.
Pets are not allowed at this hotel.
Pets are not allowed at this hotel.
Pets are not allowed at this hotel.
The rooms at Harbor Court Hotel are air-conditioned.
Yes, Loch Fyne is wheelchair accessible.
Cordon Bleu does not serve alcohol.
Yes, daily housekeeping is provided under the cleaning service amenities.
Cotogna has an average noise level.
Extra beds are not available at this hotel.
Kohinoor does not offer any high chairs for babies.
Is Sugarhill Kitchen good for groups?
Grant Plaza Hotel would be perfect for you then.
Are there other languages spoken?
Is Apple Pay accepted at Ferry Building Marketplace?
Is bike parking available at Union Square?
Can I purchase wine there?
Do you offer Happy Hour?
Can I connect to WiFi at DragonEats?
Does the restaurant take reservations?
Does Hotel Sunrise provide room service?
Is your club good for large groups?
Yes please, I'd prefer 5 stars.
Parking is available at MEZE BAR.
La Mimosa does serve alcohol.
Outdoor seating is available at Old Jerusalem Restaurant.
What is your price range?
Dumpling Alley accepts credit cards.
Wifi is free at Hampton Inn San Francisco Downtown/Convention Center.
sure let me see what i can find. yeah i'm not finding any cheap hotels in embarcadero area i'm sorry
Do you have any dishes that are gluten free?
How often are your rooms cleaned?
Does Kim Son Vietnamese Restaurant have tv?
Are dogs allowed at Troya?
Yes, through the Front Desk.
The front desk at Hotel Kabuki, a Joie de Vivre Hotel is open for 24 hours.
Do you have luggage storage?
Do you have luggage storage?
Is there a restaurant or bar at Lovell Lodge?
Yes, try looking in the type of Park. Do provide me with the address.
Are there any TV's?
Yes, this hotel provides dry cleaning service at an additional charge.
The Check-out time is at 11:00 am at the Hilton San Francisco Financial District?
Can I bring my pets on board?
Admission is $23 for adults, and $17 for children. Would you like me to do anything else?
Does your location offer take out?
Dry cleaning is provided at the Jackson Court.
Is there bike parking available at the Welcome Center?
Do you have a TV there?
Do you have a TV there?
Do you have a TV there?
Do you have a TV there?
No, The Little Chihuahua does not allow dogs.
Yes, you can stay with children.
The Conservatory of Flowers is open from 10 AM to 4:30 PM Tuesday through Sunday and is closed Mondays.
Pets are not allowed at the Alpha Inn and Suites.
The Italian Homemade Company is good for kids.
Anatolia is an alcohol free establishment.
No, can you look for an art museum instead?
There is no swimming pool onsite at Bridge Guest House.
Languages spoken are: Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hungarian, Italian, Japanese, Polish, Portuguese, Russian, Thai, Filipino, Ukrainian, Vietnamese, and Chinese.
Payment options at Golden House include credit cards.
Yes Rooster & rice accept Google Pay.
Can I connect to wifi at KoJa Kitchen?
Is there arrangement of High chairs?
A continental breakfast is offered at Travelodge.
Ambience is classy and causal at Molinari Delicatessen.
Can I have the address please for that hotel?
Do you have any meeting rooms or ballrooms?
Yes, the hotel has free parking for guests.
Can you tell me about the art museums in Monterey?
Travellers Rest does not offer delivery service at this time.
Do you have a workout facility?
The Tartine Bakery & Cafe is good for kids.
Do you have to be 18 to check-in at teh Cova Hotel?
When is Baker Beach open to the public?
Does the site offer room service?
Parking is available on site at St. Regis San Francisco for USD 78.66 per day.
The Bellota is currently closed
Do you offer room upgrades?
There is validated parking, street parking,  and free off-street parking.
Kitava serves beer and wine only.
What are the payment options at The Italian Homemade Company?
YH-Beijing is wheelchair accessible.
Is Alamo Square Seafood Grill open?
that's a great question sir i'm unable to determine that information from my end
No, dogs aren't allowed at Ferry Building Marketplace.
No, this property is smoke-free.
I need to work from my room and wonder if wifi is available and how much is added on to my bill?
Does Brenda's Meat & Three offer parking?
What about a moderate range hotel in Chinatown?
Does The City Lights Bookstore accept Apple Pay?
Can we bring our own wine to the Curry Prince?
Saucy Asian is a kid friendly establishment.
American Express, Visa, Mastercard, and Discover card are available for payment methods at Buena Vista Motor Inn.
Children are not permitted.
Dry cleaning is provided at the Club Donatello.
Yes, Nob Hill Cafe offers take-out.
Do you have a banquet room or meeting rooms?
There is both a restaurant and bar on site at The Ritz-Carlton, San Francisco
Can you use a credit card at Graffiti?
Yes, Nandos is wheelchair accessible.
Can guests bring dogs at Rusty's Southern?
Ushio Ramen offers happy hour special at their site.
Beach sounds great, can I get their address and phone number?
Do you have any complementary breakfast options?
The Travelodge by Wyndham by Fisherman's Wharf does not provide extra beds.
Apple Pay is not accepted at Mama's On Washington Square.
What parking is available at Blue Barn Gourmet?
What is the parking situation at Subs?
What are the days and hours that I can visit Seward Street Slides?
Can I request an extra bed?
Can I request an extra bed?
Is the WiFi free at this location?
Does The View Lounge offer a full bar?
No, this hotel doesn't have spa onsite.
Yes, the rooms at Hotel Sunrise are air-conditioned.
can you accomodate groups
How much is the admission fee at Wave Organ?
Is your hotel handicapped accessible?
I want to stay in a cheap hotel that has a 3-star rating in Fisherman's Wharf.
What are the parking options for your guests?
Does Burma Love accept Google Pay?
Pizzeria Delfina- Pacific Heights is good for groups.
Does the Adelaide Hostel have a shuttle that goes to the airport?
do you allow dogs
do you allow dogs
Does De Afghanan Kabob House accept Apple Pay?
There is not a delivery service option at Saint Johns Chop House.
Is Crab House at Pier 39 wheelchair accessible?
Check out time at the Good Hotel is 12:00 noon
Does Burma Love take reservations?
La Mar Cebicheria Peruana does not Google Pay.
No, Bon, Nene does not take reservations.
Is parking available at Archway House?
The check-in time is at 3:00 pm at this hotel.
The dress code at The Italian Homemade Company is casual.
There are 2 amusement parks located in Fisherman's Wharf. The 2 are the 7D Experience and The Flyer - San Fransisco.
Is there a place where we can smoke?
Reservation is required for the free on-site parking at The Wharf Inn.
Do you have parking accessible to the hotel?
Dumpling Alley does not allow to bring dogs.
Does Slice House Haight by Tony Gemignani have outdoor seating?
Days Inn by Wyndham San Francisco Downtown/Civic Cntr Area has daily housekeeping service.
Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge requires a security deposit of GBP 20 per stay.
Sorry, there is no phone number to provide. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, Cryptocurrency is not accepted at Craftsman and Wolves.
A security deposit of 50 GBP per night is required.
Take-out ordering is available at Brenda's French Soul Food
To keep my kid occupied, does the restaurant have a tv?
What is the zipcode, please?
Can I order food for delivery at the Anchor Oyster Bar?
No smoking is allowed.
The Tilden Hotel does allow pets at no extra charge.
Are vegetarian options available?
The wifi is free at Huntingdon Marriott Hotel.
Does Petite Auberge have parking available?
Does A La Turca Restaurant offer happy hour?
Are you able to park a bike at Farm : Table?
The SF Citadel is open on Friday and Saturday from 8:00 pm to 2:00 am.
Does Kitchen Story accept takeout orders?
Free WiFi at the Phoenix Hotel.
I found Burmese Kitchen in Inner Richmond. Would you like more details?
The ambience is intimate and classy.
Hey, can you tell me about the dress code at Fable?
That sounds good. What hours are they open?
No, but they do have a business center.
No, Beit Rima doesn't offer delivery.
Do you have a scheduled happy hour?
Do they serve sandwiches?
Blind Butcher accepts credit card as its only payment option.
Is there delivery service available?
Dry Cleaning service is available for an additional charge at W San Francisco.
Does Helmand Palace accept credit cards?
Yes it is open for 24 hour service.
Credit debit cash
Credit debit cash
Credit debit cash
Credit debit cash
Baggage storage is available at Union Square Plaza.
LIMEHOUSE does not have an onsite fitness center.
Am I able to pay using Apple Pay?
do you have outdoor seating
I need a hotel in Union Square.
I was wondering if Mission Dolores Basilica/San Francisco de Asis is child friendly?
Pets are not allowed at the Europa Hotel.
It doesn't matter which neighborhood it is in. Can you please recommend the best 3 star hotel?
Yes the Layne Hotel has a lift.
Shish Ke Baba accepts Apple Pay.
Molinari Delicatessen is wheelchair accessible.
Yes, Laurel Inn, a Joie de Vivre Hotel does have a luggage storage service on their front desk services.
Yes, can The Mrs. Doubtfire House be accessed by wheelchair?
Do you serve breakfast?
Do you serve breakfast?
Highchairs are not available at Tandoori Palace.
Falafelland does have free WiFi.
Dogs are not allowed at Kitava.
Do you all offer english and spanish language support?
Sutro's at The Cliff House does not accept Google Pay
Can I get a delivery?
Is Alcohol available at Nopa?
I have two amusement attractions at Fishermans Wharf, 7D Experience at Pier 39, and The Flyer - San Francisco at 2 Beach St.
Saffron 685 is kid friendly.
Check-out time at St. Regis San Francisco is 11am.
Cathead's BBQ does not take reservations.
Does your hotel have a laundry room for guests?
Can you describe Starbelly's noise level?
Oasis Inn is a smoke free property.
Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine is good for groups.
Outdoor seating is not available here.
Picaro does have outdoor seating.
Which credit cards does Avalon accept?
The admission fee for adults is $9 for weekdays and $12 for weekends. It's $3 for children each day.
Can I light up at Pier Market Seafood Restaurant?
Parking is 30usd per day.
This establishment accepts Apple Pay and credit cards.
CLUB DONATELLO OFFERS ROOM SERVICE.
Is there WiFi available here?
Does the Jasmine Garden accept Apple Pay?
The San Francisco Marriott Fisherman's Wharf has an elevator.
Is the front desk at City Centre North B and B open for 24 hours?
Does Burma Love have TV?
There is free private parking on site and no reservation is needed
What is the admission fee for the guided tour at Grace Cathedral?
Can I park my bike at Balmy Street Murals?
Dojo Noodle Bar does not have any halal options.
RESTAURANT TWO TWO does not have high chairs available.
Do you validate parking at this restaurant?
ok let's see all right there's one option called the bistro at the cliff house is that something you'd be interested in
There is parking at Gonville Hotel but it is not free.
Vegetarian food is available at My Tofu House.
How loud does it get at Pakwan Restaurant?
Leverton House does not have any rooms with disability access.
Does A La Turca Restaurant have outdoor seating?
Does Tang Chinese have a high chair for my baby?
Can I pay with Apple pay at Pampanguena Cuisine?
Doea Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen have WiFi?
Aliment is not a good place to bring children.
The cost of admission The Flyer in San Francisco is $25 for adults and $16 for children. Does it work for you?
Yes, could you let me know what my parking options are going to be at Pier 33?
What kind of payment method is offered/
Can you find me a breakfast and brunch restaurant in the moderate price range?
Hi do you take orders over the phone for take out?
There is baggage storage available at Tilden Hotel.
ok what's the zip code and the phone number for the walt disney one
Kokkari Estiatorio  is good for groups.
The age restriction for check-in at Ashley Hotel is 18 years of age.
Is the Kokkari Estiatorio good for kids?
No. Pho 2000  is not accepting Google Pay.
There are no Gluten Free Options at City Stop Restaurant.
The restaurant is vegetarian friendly.
Is there a dress code at The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen?
Does De Luca Cucina and Bar have delivery service?
There is no outdoor seating at Brenda's.
B on the Go does not offer delivery service.
What are the age requirements to book a room at Motel 6 San Francisco Downtown?
No information about delivery service at Souvla.
There doesn't seem to be anything in Alamo Square would you like to search another area?
Does your hotel staff speak multiple languages?
do they serve breakfast
Dogs are not allowed at Thai House Express.
Is there ever live music there?
Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen has average noise level.
What time does the Golden Gate Bridge Welcome Center open each day?
Does Galleria Park, a Joie Vivre Hotel offer extra beds?
Any hotel with 5 stars?
What payment do you accept at Europa Hostel?
Is Atelier Crenn good for kids?
sure they're both in the nine four one one one area
The rooms the InterContinental San Francisco are heated.
Yes, this restaurant takes reservations.
Yes, this restaurant takes reservations.
Yes, this restaurant takes reservations.
Can I park my car at True Laurel?
I need a cheap Union Square accommodation.
I have many options in that area is there a price range or star rating of preference?
What is the ambience like there?
What is the ambience like there?
What is the ambience like there?
What is the ambience like there?
What is the ambience like there?
What is the ambience like there?
What is the ambience like there?
What is the ambience like there?
What is the ambience like there?
Do you offer parking at your facility?
Do you offer parking at your facility?
Yes, you can sit outside and enjoy the view.
Do I need reservations to park at this place?
The ambience of Tartine Bakery & Cafe is casual and classy.
There is no bike parking available at Burmese Kitchen.
WiFi at the Adelaide Hostel is free
The View Lounge restaurant does not allow bike parking.
Delivery service is offered at Souvla.
Sure, their phone number is (415) 781-0721. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Does the Taboun have Car Parking?
all right sounds good and then can you tell me the uhhh confirmation number on the booking
Rusty's Southern offers happy hour.
Yes, The Halal Guys has vegan options.
You do not need to make a reservation for parking at City Centre North B and B in advance.
Is WiFi available at The Italian Homemade Company?
Bike parking is available at Super Duper Burgers.
Bike parking is available at Super Duper Burgers.
Bike parking is available at Super Duper Burgers.
No, New Dumpling King does not have outdoor seating.
No reservation is needed for parking on site. Charges apply.
Does Um Ma Son have outdoor seating available?
Reservations are not taken at the Cow.
Stix serves alcohol.
Do you have a snack bar in your building?
No, Rooster & Rice does not accept cryptocurrency.
Do you offer happy hour?
Do you offer happy hour?
Nob Hill Cafe has a casual and classy ambience.
How loud is the environment at Octavia?
Are there any smoking areas available?
Cova Hotel has an airport shuttle available.
SAJJ Mediterranean is good for groups.
heating is available at Cow Hollow Inn and Suites
Nob Hill Hotel provides concierge services at its front desk.
I'd recommend SF Plaza Hotel located at 510 Bush Street. Would you like to book a room there?
A shared kitchen is available for guests at the FOUND Hotel San Francisco.
The noise level at SAJJ Mediterranean is average.
Is there parking at Hotel Zelos?
There is only street parking.
Bay City Bike Rentals and Tours are located in the Haight and rent bikes, their number is (415) 346-2453, can I help with anything else?
The Balompie Cafe does not offer free WiFi.
Alcohol is not served at this place.
No safety deposit box is available here.
Starbelly will have parking spots for bikes.
When is check out time at The Suites at Fisherman's Wharf?
You can not bring your own bottle at Ugly Duckling.
Sam Wo Restaurant has delivery service available.
Is there a place where I can smoke?
Does Tang Chinese offer any vegetarian options?
Rintaro does not have TVs.
Cotogna does take reservations.
There is no smoking allowed at the hotel.
I recommend the Dakota Hostel and Hotel.
Hello. Can you please help me find a Zoo in San Francisco?
Does Hinodeya Ramen Bar offer highchairs for babies?
24-hour front desk service is available at the Cable Car Hotel.
Are there high chairs there?
what time can I check in?
You cannot bring your own alcoholic beverages to La Mimosa.
Google Pay is not accepted at Octavia.
Yes, Crab House at Pier 39 offers a full bar.
ok and is the grant hotel pretty close to ummm the museum that i'm gonna go to after dark
Does A Desi Cafe accept reservations?
Unfortunately this hotel does not offer extra beds.
Should I make a reservation for parking?
Should I make a reservation for parking?
The admission fee is $3 for adults and children.
Can I smoke at this property?
Baker Beach offers a 1.5 miles of trails. Would you like more information about Baker Beach or is there something else I can help you with?
The Halal Guys are good for kids.
Is smoking allowed in this hotel?
Yes, Tacos El Patron offers a happy hour.
Does Bon, Nene have Alcohol?
 ok can you confirm what forms of payment they accept please
What is the dress code for your place?
Takara Sushi offers happy hour.
Is there parking at Seven Hills?
Sure, can you tell me when the San Francisco Dungeon's opening hours are?
Yes, the phone number is (415) 983-8030. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Is this restaurant a good choice for kids?
You cannot park bike at San Francisco Museum of Modern Art.
The restaurant accepts credit cards.
The restaurant accepts credit cards.
The restaurant accepts credit cards.
The restaurant accepts credit cards.
The restaurant accepts credit cards.
The restaurant accepts credit cards.
Free wifi is available in the hotel lobby.
The City Stop Restaurant does not have outdoor seating.
Do you have parking for my bike
Can I use Apple Pay at Thai Time Restaurant?
It is not recommended for groups.
Does Pakwan Restaurant accept Google Pay for payments?
The HI San Francisco City Center Hostel does provide shuttle service.
Street parking available at Flour + Water Pizzeria.
Happy hour is not offered at Hot Sauce and Panko.
Does the Hotel Drisco have an elevator?
Yes, bike parking is available at Hot Sauce and Panko.
What is the ambience at Piccolo Forno?
ok and what's the price range
Do you offer takeout?
Do you offer takeout?
Do you offer takeout?
Do you offer takeout?
Do you allow smoking on the premises?
I need a star rating of 3 please.
Can I make reservations at Karaweik Burmese Cuisine?
BYOB is not possible at HK Fusion.
Does the cathedral offer a guided tour?
Does the BEDOUIN offer takeout ordering?
What payment options are accepted at Super Duper Burgers?
There are 9 different dining establishments in Union Square. Do you have a preference for the cuisine?
What credit cards do you accept as payment options?
ok yeah i can book something for you for tomorrow
Take-out ordering is offered at Pica Pica Arepa Kitchen.
Shalimar is good for groups.
Kung Food is good for kids.
Does the hotel offer parking?
Does the hotel offer parking?
Yes, Marlowe has high chairs available.
City Centre North B and B does not have lift.
Okay, I would suggest Magowan's Infinite Mirror Maze, the San Francisco Carousel or the San Francisco Dungeon, all of which are on Fisherman's Wharf.
yes they have outdoor seating
Is free WiFi available at Jasmine Garden?
Could you please tell me what type of ambiance your establishment has?
Does Tacorea have street parking?
Do you have delivery?
Do you have delivery?
Do you have delivery?
Do you have delivery?
Do you have delivery?
Do you have delivery?
Do you have delivery?
Do you have delivery?
Do you have delivery?
Do you have delivery?
Does Burma Love have a happy hour?
Sorry, this restaurant does not have a TV.
Unfortunately, Crab House at Pier 39 does not have a happy hour.
I want a place to stay in Chinatown for 5 nights.
I would like to go to a hotel in the Presidio district.
yeah that's gonna be in union square
Does the CITY STOP RESTAURANT have wheelchair accessible?
friday i'm showing one room available and i've gone ahead and booked that room for you
A 50% non-refundable deposit is required to stay here.
Is a concierge available?
We accept Mastercard and Visa.
The Crepes On Cole restaurant does offer bicycle parking.
Apple Pay is accepted at Aria Korean Street Food.
The ambience of Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen is classy and casual.
Reservations are accepted at Dragon Beaux.
Do you guys offer halal options?
The Presidio is good for kids.
Mensho Tokyo does not offer take-out ordering.
Is there a swimming pool?
The ambiance of Kitchen Story is casual and classy.
Seward Street Slides is not wheelchair accessible.
Yes, Golden State Grill has a happy hour.
Hey, do you guys have a happy hour going on?
Nopalito has vegan options on its menu.
What's the atmosphere like at Cordon Bleu?
No, Apple Pay isn't accepted at Hinodeya Ramen Bar.
Newkirk's does offer takeout ordering.
Are there disability facility at Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf?
Can I use Google Pay at Tacorea?
Is there reservation accessibilty?
Is there a lift available for wheelchairs?
Is there a lift available for wheelchairs?
The check in time is from 3 pm to 12 am.
Do you guys offer kids meals?
The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen accepts Credit card,Apple Pay, and Google Pay as payment.
The Alpha-Milton Guest House does not have a swimming pool onsite.
Is Azalina's a good place to bring kids?
The SW hotel has an on site parking that does not require prior reservation.
Tortellino has garage parking.
They do not offer additional beds.
The Clowns Cafe accepts credit cards.
Dogs are not allowed at Rusty's Southern.
Rintaro does serve alcohol, beer and wine only.
Is there outdoor seating offered at Lucky Pig?
Yes, Wifi is available at the Executive Hotel Vintage Court.
Do you have concierge service available?
Yes, Loving Hut offers take-out.
The Rotunda does not have outdoor seats.
It's at 340 Stockton Street. Do you need any more information?
The ambience of Frascati is romantic and classy.
Does Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine offer vegetarian options?
sure let's see here. all right so there's one place called the wharf inn that has no age restriction
No, B on the Go is not good for groups.
No BYOB is possible in Panahar.
Can I store my luggage on site?
The noise level at Delicious Dim Sum is average.
No ARBURY LODGE GUESTHOUSE does not provide any shuttle service.
Parking costs $62.00 per day.
Pets are not permitted.
Pets are not permitted.
Do you have wifi there?
Do you have wifi there?
Do you have wifi there?
Do you have wifi there?
Do you have wifi there?
No, It is first come first serve at Hinodeya Ramen Bar.
Does Newkirk's have tv?
Do you offer vegan food?
Do you accept cash only?
Hotel Du Vin and Bistro has gluten free options.
There is Cartoon Art Museum in Russian Hill. Is that something you would be interested in?
Good Luck Dim Sum does not offer happy hour services.
Yes, luggage storage is available for free at Americania Hotel.
No, Sushirrito is not good for groups.
Can I bring my dog there?
Can I bring my dog there?
What languages are spoken at Parker Guest House?
Bite restaurant does not take reservations.
Shanghai Family restaurant does not serve alcohol.
Do you have wheel chair accessibility?
Do you have storage for luggage?
Yes, the phone number is (415) 923-9600. Your rooms have been successfully booked, the confirmation code is 3DWPAE.
Yes, Bite does have vegan friendly options.
Apple Pay is not accepted at Molinari Delicatessen.
Street parking
Legion of Honor is good for kids.
Does The Front Porch offer vegetarian friendly options?
Bike parking is available at Sugarhill Kitchen.
Hunan Home's Restaurant does not offer happy hour.
Yes, they have a happy hour with draft beers and bottled beers.
The University Club of San Francisco is a smoke free property
Extra beds are n the list you can request but it is only if the beds are available at that time
Does TAJ TANDOORI offer alcohol?
Saigon Sandwich is not wheelchair accessible.
The Ashleye Hotel does have wifi and it is free.
Is there available parking at Chiquito Restaurant?
Rosa's Bed and Breakfast does not have an onsite spa.
Is there housekeeping daily?
Hi , Can you please help me find a nice place to stay in Union Square?
Does the Hotel Vitale, a Joie de Vivre Hotel, have a fitness center?
A fitness center is located on the premises of Orchard Garden Hotel.
Yes. Nojo Ramen Tavern have vegan friendly options.
Deli Board does not offer delivery.
DO you have onsite parking?
Does Manna accept Google Pay?
of course they're located at one doctor carlton b. goodlett place and their zip code is nine four one zero two
Are there TV's at Super Pan?
Do you serve vegan food?
Are there any restrooms available for use at China Beach?
Its address is 225 San Leandro Way and its zip code is 94127.
My Tofu House has vegan friendly options.
The Ritz-Carlton, San Francisco provide baggage storage service.
Is there free breakfast available at the hotel?
Is the front desk open 24 hours at Acorn Guest House?
Payment options available at Coqueta are cash and credit cards.
Hinodeya Ramen Bar has vegan and vegetarian friendly options.
Do you have any options for a vegetarian?
Highchairs are not available at Panahar.
Yes they do have many services for disabilities
that's a great question looking at their site i don't see anything available for parking
Guests must be at least 21 years of age to check-in, but children of all ages are welcome.
Restaurant One Seven does not offer reservations as a service option.
Free off-street parking is available at Pizza Express Fen Ditton.
No, the  Four Seasons Hotel San Francisco does not offer accessible parking.
Can I order to-go?
sure here it's listed as the one star and it's a hostel
Yes, Google Pay is accepted at Aha Fresh.
Is there a place to park for free at The Cambridge Chop House?
Is there a bar or restaurant on site?
Is room service available at Andrews Hotel?
A Desi Cafe serves alcohol
Does the Brenda's French Soul Food accept Google Pay?
Takeout ordering is available at Cuisine of Nepal.
Clowns Cafe does not offer take-out ordering.
Could you recommend a place to dine in Mission Bay?
Excellent, could you also tell me when the Pier 39's opening hours are?
Alamo Square Seafood Grill is good for kids.
The Monk's Kettle offers delivery service.
Do you have Wifi and how much does it cost?
Starbelly has vegan friendly options.
Does Super Duper Burgers offer free WiFi?
I have found a 3 star hotel by the name of Kimpton Buchanan Hotel. Would you like to book a room here?
Free WiFi is not available at Peking Restaurant.
The Sons & Daughters are not good for kids.
hmmm that sounds interesting uhhh what's the address for that uhhh bistro
What type of payment methods are accepted at the Nob Hill Inn?
Reservation is not needed for parking at Andrews Hotel.
Chancellor Hotel on Union Square accepts American Express, MasterCard, Visa and American Express.
What type of payments are accepted at this location?
Is Hyde Street Beach wheelchair accessible?
Apple Pay is not accepted at Aliment.
Do you have parking available for patrons?
There is wifi available at The Cambridge Belfry and it is free.
Yes, Tortellino is wheelchair accessible.
Can I park my bike at Crab House at Pier 39?
Does Wagamama have vegetarian options?
Can you find me some kind of art attraction in Balboa Terrace instead?
Free Off-Street Parking is available onsite.
Is there wifi at your hotel?
Archway House does not have any restaurant or bar onsite.
How does Fort Point sound to you?
Yes, Daily Housekeeping is available
Is this hotel wheelchair accessible?
Is this place good for kids?
Is this place good for kids?
Is this place good for kids?
Is this place good for kids?
Is this place good for kids?
Do yo have a happy hour?
No, dogs are not allowed at Woodhouse Fish.
Do I need to make a reservation ahead of time?
No, Royal Spice does not serve alcohol.
Are you guys crowded at the moment?
Yes, WiFi is available at Hilton Parc 55. Do you have any other questions I can help you with?
The Haas-Lilienthal House only accepts Cash, Visa, Master and AMEX.
The Subs does offer take-out ordering.
The parking at Fairmont San Francisco costs $76.38 per day.
The Cheesecake Factory does not offer happy hour.
Does Cuisine of Nepal have high chairs available for babies?
Pizzeria Delfina - Pacific Heights has an average noise level.
You can call for reservations.
Yes, it has happy hour.
hmmm ok well maybe i'll just leave him at home then ummm so while i'm down there i'm gonna need a place to stay and i was hoping to stay near fisherman's wharf ummm probably in something that's more the kind of upper tier expensive price range do you have any recommendations there
Does Papito Potrero Hill serve any alcohol?
Can I make an appointment to come?
Outdoor seating is not offered at Rusty's Southern.
Dogs are not allowed at La Mar Cebicheria Peruana.
There is only street parking available at Brazen Head.
There is no outdoor seating at Lucky Pig.
Can my dog stay with me at Carolina Bed & Breakfast?
Perilla is perfect for group like customers.
Park Tavern offers reservation service for its customer.
Is there beer and wine at Thai Time Restaurant?
Yes there is a designated smoking area.
Does the ERAINA offer take out ordering?
Do you provide a daily housekeeping service?
Is there a gym at your hotel?
Do you have non smoking rooms at your hotel?
Do you permit pets there?
There is heating at the BEI Hotel San Francisco.
No, There is no bike parking.
No, There is no bike parking.
Do you have dry cleaning facilities?
Is valet offered?
The rooms at the Travelodge by Wyndham by Fisherman's Wharf are heated.
No, it is a smoke free property.
Is The Flying Falafel good for kids?
Does Plain Jane serve beer and wine?
Yes, Loving Hut is good for groups.
interesting let's see the museum of three d. illusions can you uhhh help me get the zip code
I would recommend the The Suites at Fisherman's Wharf. Would you like me to book the reservation for you?
Yes, they provide dry cleaning.
El Farolito does not have a drive thru.
The Marker San Francisco has daily housekeeping services.
Does Tselogs offer alcohol?
Do you have meeting and banquet facilities?
Saffron 685 is good for groups.
Is there a luggage storage service offered at Arbury Lodge Guesthouse?
Would you be able to accommodate a large group at Uncle Boy's?
Can I store my baggage at this hotel?
The rooms at the Desmond Hotel are non-smoking, but it is unclear if there is a designated smoking area at this hotel.
Yes, try searching the type Hotel and provide me the phone number, address and price range of the hotel.
ok that's fine ummm i'm also looking for a beer bar in the same area that's you know moderately priced ummm can you give me some uhhh recommendations for that
Vegetarian foods is offered at Saucy Asian.
Are dogs allowed at Kim Son Vietnamese Restaurant?
Do you guys offer happy hour?
Do you guys offer happy hour?
Do you guys offer happy hour?
Do you guys offer happy hour?
Do you guys offer happy hour?
Does Alamo Square Seafood Grill offer free Wifi?
The ambiance of Uncle Boy's is casual but classy.
Do you have any vegetarian options?
Do you have any vegetarian options?
Cool Cravings does not accept Google Pay.
Yes, this restaurant offers take-out ordering.
Does your restaurant allow BYOB?
Yes, there is parking available at Chiquito Restaurant.
You may not smoke at Rosa's Bed and Breakfast.
Is there a place to store my luggage?
Does LIMEHOUSE have free WiFi service for their guests?
Does the Jiangnan Cuisine have Delivery options?
what cards are accepted?
is there a lift available?
Yes, Sushirrito has vegan options.
What is the daily parking cost at this hotel?
The Italian Homemade Company does not offer happy hour.
What days and times can I visit Hidden Garden Steps?
awesome and if you could go ahead and book a table for two people at seven p. m. it'd be much appreciated
sure ok let me go and search that. ok so i'm able to pull up a couple of options one is the presidio itself and then the other is torpedo wharf which one do you think you might like
Does Troya offer happy hour?
What is the ambiance like there?
What is the ambiance like there?
What is the ambiance like there?
What is the ambiance like there?
Berber does offer a happy hour.
Yes, what's the phone number for Baker Beach?
Do you guys accept crytocurrency?
The Dakota Hostel and Hotel has an airport shuttle available at an extra cost.
Is this a place appropriate for groups?
Are high chairs available?
Hilton San Francisco Union Square has meeting or banquet facilities onsite.
Yes, there is daily housekeeping.
Yes, there is daily housekeeping.
Berber does not have TVs in their establishment.
Coit tower opens at 10 am everyday. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No,  Apple Pay is not accepted.
Street parking is available at this facility.
Park Tavern does not accept Apple Pay.
Do you have parking available at your property?
Am I able to get delivery from Tasty Pot?
Does Warkworth House offer any shuttle service?
Allenbell is a non-smoking establishment.
What is your check-out time?
What is your check-out time?
Hamilton Lodge does not provide luggage storage service.
Fog Harbor Fish House accepts credit cards, Apple Pay and Google Pay.
that's a great question let me look into that for you. so it looks like this establishment does not offer any sort of discount or military discount
I will need 2 rooms.
Yes, of course, Rin's Thai Restaurant has vegan choices.
Noise level is average at Troya.
Is Apple pay accepted?
You will receive an email comfirmation once booking is complete.
Does Roma Antica offer take-out ordering?
Yes, there is bike parking available at Jasmine Garden.
Yes, this restaurant provides happy hour service.
What's the noise level inside Asian Box?
The Presidio has street and private lot parking.
The ambience of the Taqueria Los Coyotes is considered casual.
No, there are no high chairs available at Pizza Hut Fen Ditton.
Yes, they offer take-out ordering.
Yes, they offer take-out ordering.
Yes, they offer take-out ordering.
Yes, they offer take-out ordering.
Yes, they offer take-out ordering.
Yes, they offer take-out ordering.
Yes, they offer take-out ordering.
Yes, they offer take-out ordering.
Yes, they offer take-out ordering.
Yes, they offer take-out ordering.
Yes, they offer take-out ordering.
Yes, they offer take-out ordering.
Yes, they offer take-out ordering.
Yes, they offer take-out ordering.
Yes, they offer take-out ordering.
Yes, they offer take-out ordering.
Can my dog eat with me at the table at Um Ma Son?
Do you have valet or onsite parking?
Yes, $100 damage deposit.
CatHead's BBQ is kid friendly.
BYOB is not possible at Golden House.
take out is offered.
Allenbell does not have a fitness center or gym onsite.
Do they accept AMEX as payment?
Yes, all the trains are accessible and have assisted travel service.
Do you allow pets onsite?
Taqueria Los Coyotes does offer free WiFi.
Is outdoor seating available at Golden State Grill?
Does Cool Cravings take reservations?
Does Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen offer apple pay?
Does the Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Union Square offer rooms with disability access?
Does this site have swimming pool?
Do you have a BYOB policy here?
got it ok appreciate the zip code thank you. uhhh and finally yeah ummm i need a place to stay that night ummm i really got my eye on the mission area and again i'm i'm still in that expensive price range ummm but i want somthing kind of cozy like a bed and breakfast ummm with a star of two at least any recommendations
Is The Pawn Shop good for groups?
Is there any transportation available from the airport?
Nojo Ramen Tavern does not have vegetarian friendly options.
Does Phoenix Hotel provide WiFi Service and is there an additional charge for it?
What kind of breakfast is served?
Google Pay is not accepted at Kim Son Vietnamese Restaurant.
What area are you looking to stay in?
WiFi is free here.
daily housekeeping is provided at Admiral Hotel
Cool. Do you know the smoking policy in that hotel?
Website does not say either way.
Pakwan Restaurant does not have high chairs available for babies.
Is Coit Tower appropriate for kids?
Bella Trattoria does not accept Apple Pay.
Yes, Bike Parking is available at Alexander's Steakhouse.
Yes, the security deposit for Arbury Lodge Guesthouse is GBP 20 per stay.
Do you guys allow dogs?
Do you guys allow dogs?
Do you guys allow dogs?
Do you guys allow dogs?
Yes, Lucky Pig is kid-friendly.
Can you find me an expensive restaurant in NoPa with live or raw food instead?
Street parking is available for Amarena.
Check-in time is 3:00 p.m. at BEI Hotel San Francisco.
When does the check-in time begin at the Cow Hollow Inn and Suites?
A and B guest house has free wifi.
Basa Seafood Express does not accept Google Pay.
Is free breakfast available at Kirkwood House?
Does Cambridge Lodge Restaurant offer halal options?
Yes, hotel does provide shuttle service
Is Alcohol served at Sutro's at The Cliff House?
American breakfast and coffee is provided at Cornell Hotel de France.
Designated smoking areas can be accessed at Lombard Plaza Motel.
No shuttle is provided by Huntingdon Marriott Hotel.
Aziza is good for groups.
The Civic Center Inn has non-smoking rooms but doesn't say if there are designated smoking areas
Are kids good at The Melt - 455 Market?
Eraina does not offer halal options.
What kind of attraction were you interested in? Beach, landmark or museum?
Is there a restaurant or bar at your hotel?
Liholiho Yacht Club has casual, trendy, classy ambience.
There is free WiFi available in all areas at Hotel Griffon.
The hotel does have a lift
Tanguito doesn't accept Google Pay for its customers.
Yes, I'd suggest Vallejo Street Steps or Lombard Street as good examples of local flavor. Are either of those interesting to you?
Does Gozu offer live music?
Car parking is not available at the Mission Dolores Basilica/San Francisco de Asis.
yes this location is wheelchair accessible
Yes, bike parking is available at Jake's Steaks.
Outdoor seating is available at Bite.
Does Lao Table have high chairs available for babies?
Are highchairs for babies provided there?
Does Luz Hotel offer free Wifi?
Does Cocum allow you to bring your own bottle?
What is the admission fee to the Oakland Museum of California costs for both adults and kids?
What time is check in at Hotel Kabuki?
I was wondering if you have outdoor seating.
Dakota Hostel and Hotel has 2 stars.
How much is the admission going to cost to Camera Obscura, for both adults and children?
Does Rice Boat have delivery service?
Is there a 5 star hotel instead
How much to get onto your wireless?
How much to get onto your wireless?
How much to get onto your wireless?
How much to get onto your wireless?
How much to get onto your wireless?
How much to get onto your wireless?
How much to get onto your wireless?
How much to get onto your wireless?
How much to get onto your wireless?
Does Coqueta offer free WiFi?
Papito Potrero Hill does not offer take-out ordering.
No dogs allowed at Perilla.
Is free wifi available?
Is free wifi available?
Is free wifi available?
Is free wifi available?
I need a hotel in Chinatown
Cote offers free off-street parking.
Currently, credit cards are accepted at this restaurant. However; Apple Pay is not accepted.
The front desk is open 24 hours at the Carriage Inn.
There is no TV at Boudin Bakery & Cafe
No, Liholiho Yacht Club does not accept Apple Pay.
There is no wifi offered
Yes, you can park your bike at Ben Thai Cafe.
Parking at the Opa cafe is on the street.
The Bay Subs & Deli has a casual ambience.
Hi, can you tell me what payment methods you guys take?
Can I order takeout at What The Cluck?
Yes.Ripley's Believe It or Not!  is good for kids.
Do you have high chairs available at this location?
No, ERAINA does not offer delivery service for their customers.
are there any areas I can smoke?
Can I get an extra bed in my room?
Can I get an extra bed in my room?
Can I get an extra bed in my room?
Can I get an extra bed in my room?
Can I get an extra bed in my room?
Can I get an extra bed in my room?
Can I get an extra bed in my room?
The Bird serves beer and wine only.
sure zip code is nine four one two one phone number is four one five four two six five two four zero
Turner's Kitchen has average noise level.
Magowan's Infinite Mirror Maze is kid friendly.
Does Burma Love accept Apple Pay?
What breakfast options are available at Inn on Broadway?
Is there a specific dress code at Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant?
Does the HK FUSION have wheelchair accessible?
The Mahal of Cambridge has no outdoor seating.
and uh is there a place somewhere to park my car at the zoo
Does this location have a twenty four hour fitness center?
Is there delivery service offered/
sure let me go and see there. ok so it's not specifically saying a reservation for parking but it does say that they have a private lot nearby ummm again there is no reservation needed but it does cost sixty two dollars a day there
What is the check-out time at your location?
Does your restaurant have any vegetarian options?
The challenge level is moderate to difficult at Batteries to Bluffs Trail.
What languages are spoken at Lombard Plaza Hotel?
Cotto accepts all major credit cards.
Can I bring in my own bottle of wine?
They do not accept Crypto.
The admission fee at Ripley's Believe It or Not! is $19.99 for adults and $12.99 for children.
No, extra beds are not provided at Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Downtown/Van Ness Ave.
Hi, is there a dress code for your establishment?
oh thank you so much so uhhh also if i can i was also uhhh looking for a place to stay in the same area and i was looking for something like an inn like regular two star inn and the place should be uhhh cheap may it should not be very expensive to live
pets are not allowed
Restaurant Golden Wok is not wheelchair accessible.
Mensho Tokyo does have vegan friendly options.
Yes, vegan options are listed within the amenities sub section.
Apple Pay is not accepted at Saru Sushi Bar.
Are there any expensive restaurants?
The Grove Inn offers luggage and baggage services.
No, there is no live music at Charlie Chan.
Smoking is not allowed at The Alembic.
Bay Subs & Deli does not accept Google Pay.
Accessible parking is available on site.
Does your location accept reservations?
Does your location accept reservations?
What payment methods do Tilak accept?
Are high chairs available at Chubby Noodle?
Breakfast is not free.
Is shuttle service offered at Avalon?
What time would I need to check out?
Is The Snug wheelchair accessible?
Saru Sushi Bar is not good for kids.
Karaweik Burmese Cuisine has vegetarian options.
It provides outdoor seating.
No, the front desk is not open for 24 hours.
Can I bring a large family?
There is no age restriction to check-in at Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Union Square.
Is there fitness center on site?
Check-out time is 10:00 AM.
Hey, is there a place to park my bike there?
The WiFi is free at this hotel.
sure i'd be happy to help you out with that i'm finding two spots one's called embarcadero waterfront and the other is embarcadero public promenade
What payment options does Starbelly offer?
MaMa Ji's does offer takeout.
Kirkwood House does not offer dry cleaning service.
Check-out time is 12:00pm.
Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen is good for kids.
Can I get help from the front desk at any time?
There are no outdoor seats at JINGLING NOODLE BAR.
Does the cafe have outdoor seating?
Highchairs are offered on a first come basis.
Does Cotto have delivery service?
Wifi is free at Europa Hotel.
Can I pay with my credit card?
Souvla does not offer a happy hour.
Does The Grove Inn provide extra beds?
Kin Khao does not allow dogs.
Check-out time is between 11:300 a.m. and 12:00 p.m. at the Parker Guest House.
What price range should I look for?
Can you park on the street?
Can I park my car at North Beach?
Yes, it offers a happy hour.
Dry cleaning services are provided for an additional charge.
We accept cash only.
Do you accepts credit cards?
Are there any televisions there?
Yes bike can be parked.
Yes bike can be parked.
What about a local flavor attraction in Inner Sunset?
Yes, this restaurant offers vegan friendly meals.
Yes Hunan Home's Restaurant is good for kids.
Roma Antica offers free WiFi.
Does Ben Thai Cafe have happy hour?
You may check out until 11:00 A.M.
Rin's Thai Restaurant does not accept cryptocurrency.
Uncle Boy's is good for kids.
The Little Chihuahua does not have outdoor seats.
Does Kymmoy have outdoor seating available?
Corridor allows customers to pay with Apple Pay and credit cards.
Patrons need to cancel no later than five days in advance at Allenbell.
I have two results. Would you like a cheap or a moderate hotel?
The address is Pier 39, Ste 103. The zip code is 94133. Is there anything else you want to know?
Hi, Can you please help me find a place to eat in the North Beach area?
Does Saucy Asian serve alcohol?
Can I park my car at Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen?
Do you offer Google Pay at this location?
Piccino has a full bar.
Yes, GRAFFITI restaurant is a wheelchair accessible place.
No, there are no extra beds offered.
There is bike parking at Morty's Delicatessen.
Roam Artisan Burgers is considered a good option for groups.
Parking is available at Clowns Cafe.
Is there anywhere to park at The Missing Sock?
ok so there are quite a few options but one of them that has very high ratings is called the hotel nikko san francisco
What is the minimum age for check-in at the Fairmont Heritage Place Ghirardelli Square?
LIMEHOUSE has a shared kitchen for use by its guests.
Does Lucky Pig accept Google Pay?
Check- in time at Kensington Park Hotel is between 3:00PM to 12:00AM.
Can I watch TV at Falafelland?
The ambience of Ben Thai Cafe is casual.
I'll go with the Hotel Bijou. Can you tell me if their rooms are heated?
Let's begin by finding a place for you to stay. Would you prefer a hotel, motel, inn, bed & breakfast or hostel?
Can I bring my bike on the train?
There is a designated smoking area at the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge.
Is there a place to park my car there?
What do you serve for breakfast?
What do you serve for breakfast?
Do I have to reserve my parking spot?
The Italian Homemade Company does not have happy hour.
Don Pasquale Pizzeria does not offer live music.
Is there BYOP?
The front desk at the Bridge Guest House is not open for 24 hours.
Opa cafe doesn't offer reservation service from customers.
Are pets permitted at European Hostel?
Security deposits are not required to stay at the SF Plaza Hotel.
Delivery service is not offered at Tang Chinese.
Does it have any parking facilities for disabled drivers?
Umami Burger Soma District accepts credit cards.
The ambience is classy.
The ambience is classy.
Is the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art accessible to someone in a wheelchair?
Are there outdoor seats at Taj Tandoori?
Smoking is prohibited at EXPRESS BY HOLIDAY INN CAMBRIDGE.
What type of breakfast is available?
Are there any microwaves available for guests at Avalon?
Is there WiFi at the Jackson Court?
Does Mensho Tokyo serve alcohol?
Extra beds are not available at Club Donatello.
Little Gem does have vegetarian options.
Yes Good Luck Dim Sum is wheelchair accessible.
Street parking is available at Pushkin.
Wifi is free of charge at the Hilton Parc 55 San Francisco Union Square
uhhh zip code is nine four one one five and the phone number is four one five nine two two three two zero zero
Does Nojo Ramen Tavern provide outdoor seating?
Is Apple Pay accepted at Chubby Noodle?
Is Apple Pay accepted at Chubby Noodle?
Does the Inn require a refundable damage deposit?
Are kids good at The Halal Guys?
The hotel does not have parking, but there is public parking available at a nearby location.
No, there are no halal options at Royal Standard
I'm looking for a cheap 3 star hotel in Union square
Is there outdoor seating at The Gandhi?
Do you have high chairs available for babies?
Do you have high chairs available for babies?
Is Twin Peaks wheelchair accessible?
Yes WiFi is available at the hotel.
No, Uncle Boy's is not good for groups.
What is minimum age of entry to check in at the hotel?
What is minimum age of entry to check in at the hotel?
What is minimum age of entry to check in at the hotel?
What is minimum age of entry to check in at the hotel?
What is minimum age of entry to check in at the hotel?
is there a hotel in that price range
Does Wyndham Presidio San Francisco have a restaurant on the property?
Rooms for disabled guests are available.
Yes, elevators to all floor levels are available.
Taqueria Los Coyotes accepts credit cards as a form of payment.
Will my room at the St Regis San Francisco have air conditioning?
yes the rooms have heat
We have only on-site private parking at Limehouse.
you know i'm not showing that here on their website that they do
the uhhh is there car parking nearby
The Cambridge Lodge Restaurant accepts Mastercard and Visa.
I need an art museum in Fisherman's Wharf
SF Honey Pig Korean BBQ offers take-out ordering.
What are the payment options at Plain Jane?
Do you have high chairs for babies at Rice Boat?
Is there luggage storage available at your location?
You can park your bike at Leopold's.
Is there happy hour offered?
Coit Tower is good for kids.
The front desk at the Winsor Hotel is available 24 hours
There is an extra fee to stay with pets at Travelodge by Wyndham Presidio San Francisco.
Can you accommodate wheelchairs?
I'm looking for a moderately priced cocktail bar in the North Beach
What sort of atmosphere is at Proposition Chicken?
Parking reservations are not required at Avalon.
Is Little Gem good for groups?
All the rooms at the San Francisco Marriott Fisherman's Wharf are heated.
There is no restaurant or bar onsite.
Dry cleaning is available for an additional charge at the Lensfield Hotel.
What kind of alcoholic beverages do you serve?
What kind of alcoholic beverages do you serve?
The Melt - 455 Market does not serve alcohol.
Yes, the Copper Kettle is wheelchair accessible.
Hard Knox Cafe is perfect for kids!
Do you have any gluten-free options?
is it wheelchair accessible?
Check in time is from 3pm to noon the next day.
is outdoor seating available
Is there a restaurant onsite?
Is there a restaurant onsite?
Jin Mi Korean Cuisine has free WiFi services.
Heating is provided for rooms at The Ritz-Carlton, San Francisco.
Is there wifi at your restaurant?
Reservations are not taken by Beit Rima.
Yes, Kitchen Story has TV available.
Pets are allowed at no extra charge.
I need a motel in Fisherman's Wharf
No, a visit to the San Francisco Zoo does not require an appointment.
Han II Kwan is good for groups.
Champa Garden serves beer and wine only.
Check in time at the Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Downtown/Van Ness Avenue is at 3 PM.
Is there bike parking at Nick's Crispy Tacos?
Is your staff multilingual?
Is your staff multilingual?
Is your staff multilingual?
Does Ramenwell serve alcohol?
What sort of alcohol do you guys serve?
Do you offer free WIFi?
Yes, what time does the Randall Museum open each day?
Is there a specific dress code at The Little Chihuahua?
I want to see art in Inner Sunset
Do you offer wi-fi?
Do you offer wi-fi?
Is Ocean Beach good for kids?
Does Rooster & Rice serve alcohol?
Does Rooster & Rice serve alcohol?
Yes, Travellers Rest has free WiFi.
Parking costs $25 a day at the Travelodge by Wyndham by Fisherman's Wharf.
They are located at 279 Columbus Ave.
Yes, what is the parking situation like at Belden Place?
No, Truly Mediterranean is not good for groups.
You do not need to make a reservation for parking in advance at Rosa's Bed and Breakfast.
Does the Cheesecake Factory have vegan options?
The Windsor Hotel offers WiFi in all areas free of charge.
What does WiFi cost at Hotel Del Sol?
Nothing. WiFi is free at the Columbus Inn.
El Farolito does not offer WiFi service.
The Luz Hotel offers free luggage storage.
BYOB is not allowed at the Galleria.
Dogs are not allowed at The Melt - 455 Market.
Yes, Birdsong is wheelchair accessible.
Jasmine Garden has vegetarian options available.
Do you guys accept google pay?
What's the ambiance of Anchor Oyster Bar?
Can I make a take out order at La Mediterranee?
Can I make a reservation for 5 on Saturday?
What are the opening hours at Union Square?
Street parking is available at Frascati.
This restaurant does not have live music.
You do not need an appointment for Tony's Pizza Napoletana.
How about churches instead?
The KoJa Kitchen does serve alcohol in the form of beer and wine only.
Do you have a multilingual staff?
Sea Cliff has several different attraction types. What type of activity are you looking for?
The Gardenia does not offer any gluten-free menu  options.
No it would be fine. Could you confirm if they accept Google pay as payment?
Birdsong is not good for kids because the Italian restaurant is small, has only a few small tables, and people say they use a lot of MSG in their food.
English and Italian are spoken at the Autumn House.
Tacorea accepts Apple Pay.
Yes, CatHead's BBQ has a TV.
Are dogs permitted at City Lights Bookstore?
The Golden Curry has validated parking, street parking and free off street parking.
City Stop Restaurant does not offer halal options.
ok uhhh there is one place in japantown called the hotel kabuki is that something that would interest you
The Marker San Francisco provides a concierge service.
BYOB is not possible at Curry Prince.
Is there a restaurant on site at Rosa's Bed and Breakfast?
What languages are spoken at Warkworth House?
Can I book a reservation online?
Yes, Bursa has high chairs available.
Yes, elevators are available at Andrews Hotel.
Certainly. Their phone number is 415) 563-0800. Would you like to know anything else?
hi i'm looking for a place to go in fisherman's wharf ummm something that's got some kind of art
The Monk's Kettle is not good for kids.
Is there parking available in front of the hotel?
sure the address for that location is three six zero one street
Is there a military discount offered?
Does Chelsea Inn have a designated smoking area?
21 is the minimum age for check-in.
Does Zazie offer outdoor seating?
Does Liholiho Yacht Club accept Apple Pay?
Yes, baggage storage is available at Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Downtown/Van Ness Ave
Are elevators available at this hotel?
There is no onsite swimming pool at Gonville Hotel.
Sure, the address is 1 Letterman Dr.
Do they have high chairs there?
Can I use my wheelchair at Hyde Street Pier?
What are the hours of operation for the Hyde Street Pier?
It offers bike parking.
What about the Cartoon Art Museum in Russian Hill?
Extra beds are not offered at The Marker San Francisco.
Hard Knox Cafe has a full bar.
Are there any restaurant or bar at site?
Take out is offered at What The Chuck.
It is not necessary to make a reservation for parking at Executive Hotel Vintage Court.
The Cambridge Belfry has a spa onsite.
What type of payment methods are accepted at The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen?
Yes, the front desk is open 24 hours.
Yes, the front desk is open 24 hours.
luggage service is available at San Francisco Proper Hotel
What languages are spoken by employees?
Zuni Cafe is good for kids.
How often can I request maid service?
How often can I request maid service?
How often can I request maid service?
How often can I request maid service?
I have to have a cool room, are all your rooms air conditioned?
The restaurant allows reservations.
Hilton Parc 55 San Francisco Union Square has lifts/elevators.
Chiquito Restaurant Bar does not serve alcohol.
Can I get my food to go at J Restaurant.
Deos Marufuku Ramen SF allow dogs?
No, Alexander's Steakhouse does not accept Cryptocurrency.
What are the payment options at The Alembic?
Does La Mimosa have live music?
Cotogna does not offer happy hour specials.
Birdsong does not allow dogs.
La Tasca does not offer live music.
Does the Sesame Restaurant offer delivery?
It sounds good. Thanks.
Is there parking?
Is there parking?
Is there parking?
Is there parking?
The dining options at Panahar do not include halal.
The noise level is average at The Flying Falafel.
WiFi is free of charge.
WiFi is free of charge.
Does Acorn Guest House have a gym?
DragonEats takes credit cards.
The Snug restaurant does not allow dogs.
There is valet parking and street parking available at Tony's Pizza Napoletana.
Does Boudin Bakery & Cafe have high chairs available for babies?
No, this facility is not wheelchair accessible.
The minimum height to ride The Flyer - San Francisco is 40 inches.
KOHINOOR does not offer free WiFi.
Ripley's Believe It or Not! Is open from 10AM to 9PM every day of the week.
Private parking is available and as such, reservations are not needed in advance.
Lucky Pig is good for groups.
I like to work as I eat can I log on with my computer while I eat there?
The Suites at Fisherman's Wharf is a smoke-free property with no designated smoking area.
Does Worth House have disability access?
Sugarhill Kitchen takes credit cards.
The ambience of Takara Sushi is casual.
No, Pharaohs Mediterranean Sandwiches doesn't accept reservations.
No, Jinling Noodle Bar does not accept reservations.
Cocum does not offer outdoor seating.
There is TV at Mangal Mediterranean Restaurant.
Check out times range from 7:30 AM to 10:00 AM.
Will kids be welcomed at Loving Hut?
California Academy of Sciences offers free WiFi.
Does Cuisine of Nepal have TV?
It does not appear to.
It does not appear to.
I'm looking for a mid-priced room and American restaurant near the Civic Center in San Francisco.
Can I purchase additional data when I use the WiFi?
Is an elevator available?
Bistro At The Cliff House does have a TV.
Yes, Japantown is good for kids.
Parking for Green Tortoise Hostel is available  at a nearby lot that is $20 until noon the next day.
There is only street parking at Blue Barn Gourmet.
Does Allenbell provide luggage storage service?
What time can I check in at The Lensfield Hotel?
What time is check out at Alpha-Milton Guest House?
What's the dress code at California Academy of Sciences?
that's in the nine four one zero one area
Check-in begins at 2:00 pm at Union Square Plaza Hotel.
Bloomsbury Restaurant does not offer gluten free options.
great can i just uhhh can i book two rooms for monday uhhh for three nights
BYOB is not allowed at Bedouin.
Does Zen Yai Thai Restaurant take reservations?
Graffiti does not offer take-out ordering at this time.
La Mediterranee does serve alcohol.
Are there television playing in The Italian Homemade Company?
Kirkwood House does not have lift.
Does the A and B Guest House provide room service?
Yes, it is good for kids.
Yes, it is good for kids.
Yes, it is good for kids.
Yes, it is good for kids.
Yes, it is good for kids.
Yes, it is good for kids.
Yes, it is good for kids.
Yes, it is good for kids.
Yes, it is good for kids.
Yes, it is good for kids.
Yes, it is good for kids.
Yes, it is good for kids.
Yes, it is good for kids.
The Galleria takes reservations.
Does Swan Oyster Depot have happy hour?
Ripley's Believe It or Not! accepts credit cards.
Yes! Bike parking is available at Pier Market Seafood Restaurant.
The taxes, fees, and toll charges are included in the price. Tipping is not required, but common with about 10% of the fare.
Could you please describe the ambience at Marcella's Lasagneria?
Can I make reservations?
Kokkari Estiatorio has a Full Bar.
Sessions at the Presidio does not accept Apple Pay.
Yes, I would. I'd like to know whether I can bring my bike at Exploratorium After Dark, please.
Are vegan options available at Kasa Indian Eatery?
Check in is from 8:00am to 7:00pm at The Willows Inn.
Do you guys offer free WiFi?
Do you guys offer free WiFi?
Bursa has public parking.
What type of food does the restaurant at the hotel serve?
Does JW Marriott San Francisco Union Square have meeting and banquet facility?
Live music is not being offered at The Gandhi.
A Desi Cafe has a normal noise level.
Do you have high chairs for our kids?
Do you know their zip code?
Can you tell me if they have guest parking?
The Inn at the Opera offers guests a free continental breakfast and there are also three restaurants to choose from.
What sort of things do you offer?
Hot Sauce and Panko supports Apple Pay as payment.
The San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge is open 24 hours, 7 days a week.
Are the rooms at the Coventry Inn air conditioned?
The Kimpton Buchanan Hotel does not offer extra beds
Octavia takes reservations.
Clowns Cafe does not serve alcohol.
Does Souvla offer delivery?
The zip code is 94133. Do you have any other questions?
No.Pacific Cafe is not  offering free WiFi.
No, there's no restaurant or bar onsite at Arbury Lodge Guesthouse.
The minimum age to check in is 21.
THE LAYNE HOTEL REQUIRES A SECURITY DEPOSIT AT CHECK-IN.
Does Cocum deliver foods?
Do you have a kitchen for guests?
Royal Spice offers free off-street parking.
Is accessible parking available at the Hamilton Lodge?
Can I park my car at Chinatown?
No, no reservations here. I don't think it's that kind of restaurant.
The Kirkwood House front desk is not open for 24 hours.
There are no gluten free options offered at Tang Chinese.
ok great ummm while i'm in hayes valley in the same area do you know of any ummm five star hotels expensive
What is the ambient environment like at your establishment?
Are there vegan friendly options available at Pho 2000?
how often is housekeeping performed?
Marufuku accepts cash and credit cards only.
Does Kohinoor have gluten free options?
There is no designated smoking area at the City Centre North B and B.
Parking is free at the Cow Hollow Inn and Suites.
Average noise level at Underdogs Too.
Is this a kid friendly restaurant?
Is this a kid friendly restaurant?
Is this a kid friendly restaurant?
Is this a kid friendly restaurant?
Is Apply Pay accepted there?
Hey can you tell me if you guys have a TV there in the restaurant?
Room service is not listed.
Troya serves beer and wine only.
Pizza Express takes American Express, Mastercard and Visa as payment options.
Home From Home is non smoking throughout.
Does the hotel offer complementary breakfast?
Autumn house does not have any meeting or banquet facilities.
cryptocurrency is not accepted.
Pets are not allowed at the Alexander Bed and Breakfast.
Do the Washington Square Inn's staff speak Japanese?
Finches Bed and Breakfast does not have a spa onsite.
Daily housekeeping service is provided at Club Quarters Hotel in San Francisco.
Do you offer delivery services?
There aren't any cheap union square motels, but i found 2 hostels- hotel san francisco and san francisco downtown hostel. Do you need more info or can i book one of these?
What breakfast meal options are available?
Holiday Inn San Francisco- Golden Gateway has a swiming pool onsite.
Is this establishment wheelchair accessible?
Is this establishment wheelchair accessible?
Reservations are not taken at UGLY DUCKLING.
Where can I park if I come to Charlie Chan?
Can I make a reservation at this restaurant?
Can I pick up my order from Nourish Cafe through the drive thru?
Yes there is an on-site restraint located in the lounge.
Nandos does not have gluten free options.
Is WiFi available at Lovejoy's Tea Room?
Baggage Storage is available at the front desk of Presidio Parkway Inn.
a park i am showing yes there's the hyde street pier park
Can I bring my pet to A and B Guest House?
Are dogs allowed at Berber?
Does Jake's Steaks have take-out menu?
The noise level at Deccan Spice is average.
Are dogs allowed at A Desi Cafe?
Does the Kin Khao have outdoor seating?.
Is San Francisco Museum of Modern Art wheelchair accessible?
BYOB is not possible at Maharajah Tandoori Restaurant.
Sutro's at The Cliff House has vegan friendly options.
sure i am able to book that room for you for thursday for five nights and that booking's set
Are reservations needed for this location?
Do I need to reserve a parking spot during my stay?
Do i have to make reservations for my car?
Delicious Dim Sum does not accept Google Pay.
Do you have any smoking rooms available?
What is the check out time for Hilton San Francisco Financial District?
Sons & Daughters does not have free WiFi.
The San Francisco Proper Hotel does provide room service.
The following six languages are spoken; English, Spanish, French, Russian, Filipino, Turkish
Travelodge by Wyndham's check-out time is 11 AM at the latest.
do you have a delivery service
do you have a delivery service
No, Jiangnan Cuisine does not take reservations.
Does Kokkari Estiatorio open 24 hours?
Walt Disney Family Museum does not allow dogs.
Yes, vegan friendly options are available at Brenda's Meat & Three.
They speak English and Hindi at this hotel.
The westin, works for you?
Do you provide laundry services?
Is there parking offered?
Yes, they have two restaurants/bars onsite.
Golden Wok does not have outdoor seating.
501 Post Street is the address, I have made a reservation for 5 nights from Monday for 2 rooms. KFWU17 is the confirmation number. can I help with anything else?
Ebisu does not accept Cryptocurrency.
Thai House Express is good for groups.
There is a bar here.
New Fortune Restaurant does not have happy hour.
Credit card and apply pay
Is outdoor seating offered at Graffiti?
Yes, alcohol is served at this place.
I want to go to the public market at the Fisherman's Wharf.
Two possible choices you have are Boudin Bakery & Cafe or Pier Market Seafood Restaurant. Which are you interested in?
Do you provide extra cots?
Do you have accesible parking?
Yes, bike parking is available at Baker Beach.
The languages spoken at the Taj Campton Place are German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Italian, Thai, Filipino, and Chinese.
Hey, good evening. Do y'all accept Cryptocurrency there?
If I come into your establishment does Gozu have TV service available?
What is the noise level at Pharaohs Mediterranean Sandwiches?
Jasmine Garden serves beer and wine.
The ZIP code there is 94109. Would you like to know more?
Do you guys take crypto there for payment?
Yes, guests must be 18 to check-in.
What is the dress code Sushirrito?
Is there baggage storage at the Harbor Court Hotel?
Does the Four Seasons Hotel San Francisco offer room service so we can dine in our room?
Yes, they have outdoor seats.
Yes, they have outdoor seats.
Yes, they have outdoor seats.
Yes, they have outdoor seats.
Yes, they have outdoor seats.
Yes, they have outdoor seats.
Yes, they have outdoor seats.
Yes, they have outdoor seats.
Hobsons House does not have accessible parking.
What does WiFi cost at Ram's Hotel?
What are their opening and closing hours?
The Days Inn accepts credit card payment methods, such as Visa, Mastercard, American Express, and Discover.
Shish Ke Baba is good for groups.
What kind of parking can I find at The Mrs. Doubtfire House?
Do you offer gluten free substitutions?
There are quite a few cheap accommodations in the Tenderloin area. I recommend Warfield Hotel. This is a cheap 3-star hotel in Tenderloin.
Parking is available at Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Downtown/Van Ness Ave.
Is Brazen Head good for groups?
Does Brazen Head offer take out?
Am I allowed to BYOB at the Mahal of Cambridge?
City Stop Restaurant offers free off street parking.
Takeout ordering is not available
Is there take out available?
Are there breakfast options?
Are meeting and banquet facilities available at Hotel Griffon?
Does the Ashley Hotel provide daily housekeeping service?
No, the Europa does not offer extra beds.
Marufuku Ramen SF is good for kids.
What payment options does Randall Museum take?
Does COCUM have free WiFi?
Yes, the parking situation. Can you get me the details on that at Dolores Park?
Can I request maid service?
Is there a charge for WiFi at Smokin' Warehouse Barbecue - Sacramento Street?
Yes, bike parking is available at The Monk's Kettle.
Are there any hotels with 5 stars in Japantown?
No, Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen does not accept cryptocurrency.
Does Smokin' Warehouse Barbecue - Sacramento Street serve alcohol?
I want to see Fillmore's landmarks
Cinderella Bakery & Cafe has TV available at site.
Kitchen Istanbul takes reservations.
Magowan's Infinite Mirror Maze is located at Pier 39.
Is there an onsite spa at Finches Bed and Breakfast?
Yes, Mangal Mediterranean Restaurant offers takeout.
The ambience at Nob Hill Cafe is casual, classy.
The Grafton Hotel Restaurant does not offer delivery service.
No fitness center or gym is onsite here.
Is there any reservation required for parking?
The Warfield hotel has options like eggs and juice for breakfast.
Is there bike parking offerd?
No reservation is needed for public parking that is available on site at Hotel Del Sol, a Joie de Vivre Hotel.
Daily housekeeping is provided at The Ritz-Carlton, San Francisco.
Does the Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen have Car Parking?
Courtyard by Marriott Fishermans Wharf, Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites Fisherman's Wharf, Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf, The Suites at Fisherman's Wharf
Do you have a pool?
Sitar Tandoori offers takeout.
What kind of atmosphere does Piccino have?
Hotel Sunrise requires a $200 dollar damage deposit upon arrival
The rooms are air-conditioned at the Alpha Inn and Suites.
Where are the closest bars and restaurants?
There is free wifi at Leverton House.
The dress code at Truly Mediterranean is casual.
A reservation for parking is not required at Cow Hollow Inn and Suites.
Is outdoor seating available at Sessions at the Presidio?
There is no age restriction to check-in at Worth House.
Yes, the Exploratorium is in Embarcadero, as is the Exploratorium After Dark. May I tell you more about it?
You can Park bike at Takara Sushi.
What about Pier 33, how can I get to the location from The city?
Specific dress code at The View Lounge is Casual.
Bloomsbury Restaurant does not offer take-out ordering
High chair is available at Fog Harbor Fish House.
Parking is available at street for Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine.
Does Prezzo offer free WiFi?
We accept American Express, MasterCard, and Visa.
The Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf provides dry cleaning services for an additional charge.
Is this restaurant wheelchair accessable?
The check-out time is at 11:00am at Lombard Plaza Motel.
Major credit cards are accepted at Saint Johns Chop House.
No, New Fortune Restaurant does not offer delivery.
Accessible parking is available at Hotel Vitale, a Joie de Vivre Hotel.
Is there concierge service at Hamilton Lodge?
Golden Wok does not have high chairs available for babies.
Do have free wifi service for your guest?
India house is accessible by wheelchair.
Is there parking nearby?
Is there parking nearby?
Is google pay offfered?
Can I bring my dog to the Hard Knox Cafe?
Does Farm Table have a classy ambience?
Yes.Rooster & Rice have vegan friendly options.
Yes, there is concierge service at the W San Francisco.
The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel has a lift.
Outdoor seating is available.
Dojo Noodle Bar does not have gluten free options.
You can stay with children at the Archway House.
The San Francisco Marriott Fisherman's Wharf provides dry cleaning service for an additional charge.
There is wifi at Warkworth House.
Do I need a reservation for parking at Orchard  Hotel?
I need to know how much it costs for admission to Bay City Bike Rentals and Tours
Can I park my car at Vallejo Street Steps?
Finches Bed and Breakfast does not have any meeting or banquet facilities.
I was able to find the Petite Auberge. It is in the moderate price range. Would you like more information?
There is room service at Huntingdon Marriott Hotel.
No takeout option is available at Charlie Chan.
what kinda price range is that in
Daily housekeeping is provided at Jackson Court.
Are children good at Morty's Delicatessen?
The ambience at Manna is casual and classy.
Check-in time at Hamilton Lodge is 13:00 to 19:00.
Does Gozu take reservations?
I want to know what the parking details are at Ina Coolbrith Park.
Loving Hut does not offer free WiFi.
Can I make reservations at Nourish Cafe?
Yes bike can be parked at MaMa Ji's.
I want to get food in North Beach
Are there any museums in that same area?
Yes, this restaurant offers vegetarian menus.
Zizzi Cambridge is vegetarian friendly.
reservations are not needed for parking at Green Tortoise Hostel
Is there any parking option available?
Hey, do you guys serve alcohol there?
My Tofu House does not serve alcohol.
Is Dumpling Alley cash only?
Basa Seafood Express does not accept Apple Pay.
Street and garage parking is offered.
WiFi is available at Galleria Park.
Yes, Outerlands is good for kids.
Is there parking available for my bike?
What are the parking options there?
in russian hill as far as motels that are cheap i'm not finding anything in the two star range i'm sorry
Do you have Wifi?
Orchard Hotel is a smoke-free property with non smoking rooms.
Do you offer a drive thru?
What is the noise level inside Truly Mediterranean?
How often are the rooms cleaned?
How often are the rooms cleaned?
How often are the rooms cleaned?
Yes  Lao Table is good for groups.
Legion of Honor is not by appointment only.
The dress code is casual for Pharaohs Mediterranean Sandwiches.
I don't have any Bed and Breafast in Chinatown but there are inexpensive 2 star hotels and motels, Did you want to look into those?
Does Pacific Cafe accept Google Pay?
Yes, Nineteen 06 Mission provides daily housekeeping service.
Private parking is available at a location nearby for a charge.
You can check out until 11:00 AM
This establishment serves beer and wine only.
This establishment serves beer and wine only.
No, they do not accept Apple Pay.
No, they do not accept Apple Pay.
No, they do not accept Apple Pay.
No, they do not accept Apple Pay.
Do you allow dogs inside your restaurant?
I'm not seeing any art museums in that area. Do you want to try another area?
There is. I recommend Orchard Hotel which is a 3-star hotel in Union Square.
Does The Flying Falafel offer delivery?
There is a bar onsite.
Exploratorium After Dark accepts credit cards, Apple Pay and Google Pay.
Does Nopa accept Google Pay?
Does Europa Hostel have WiFi access?
There are vegan friendly options available at Kung Food.
Yes, pets staying on property incur an extra charge at Cova Hotel.
Check out time at The Marker is 12 noon.
Payment methods accepted by this hotel include American Express, Visa, MasterCard, Diners Club International, JCB, and Discover.
Is baggage or luggage storage available at this location?
Can I watch television at Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen?
Do you offer outdoor seating at your restaurant?
can i get a phone number and zip code for that one
Does this site have facility to hold banquet or meeting?
Does this site have facility to hold banquet or meeting?
Does this site have facility to hold banquet or meeting?
Does this site have facility to hold banquet or meeting?
Does this site have facility to hold banquet or meeting?
Does this site have facility to hold banquet or meeting?
Does this site have facility to hold banquet or meeting?
Does this site have facility to hold banquet or meeting?
Does this site have facility to hold banquet or meeting?
Does this site have facility to hold banquet or meeting?
Does this site have facility to hold banquet or meeting?
Does this site have facility to hold banquet or meeting?
Does this site have facility to hold banquet or meeting?
Does this site have facility to hold banquet or meeting?
Does this site have facility to hold banquet or meeting?
Does this site have facility to hold banquet or meeting?
Does this site have facility to hold banquet or meeting?
Does this site have facility to hold banquet or meeting?
Does this site have facility to hold banquet or meeting?
Does this site have facility to hold banquet or meeting?
Do you guys have a drive-thru service?
Hey do you guys have outdoor seating options there?
When is Coit Tower open each day?
There are no safe deposit boxes.
Does this site take reservation for order?
Is smoking allowed at the Orchard Garden Hotel?
Yes, there is live music on some nights.
What is the atmosphere there like?
Ambience is casual at DragonEats.
Does the Club Donatello provide dry cleaning?
Do Bay Bridge Inn San Francisco guests have to pay for Wi-Fi?
Saucy Asian has street parking.
Express By Holiday Inn Cambridge does not provide any shuttle service.
Are children allowed at the Cambridge Belfry?
Does Cool Cravings take Google Pay?
Sessions at the Presidio is a smoke free restaurant.
Starbelly offers payment options as Credit Cards only.
What time does happy hour start?
Would I be able to pay with my Visa card?
No.Palace Of Fine Arts does not accept Google Pay.
Caffe Uno does not allow BYOB.
what landmarks are there in Chinatown
Does Asalina's offer any vegan dishes?
Is The Monk's Kettle wheelchair accessible?
Wifi is available at the Arbury Lodge Guesthouse.
Do you take takeout orders?
Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine does not accept Cryptocurrency.
Efes Restaurant does not offer BYOB.
What kind of atmosphere is Bite?
The payment options at Leopold's are cash and credit cards.
Credit cards are accepted for payment at Pizza Express Fen Ditton.
Okay, is there any other 4-star hotel?
No bike parking at Seven Hills.
They do serve alcohol.
Aliment accepts cash and credit cards only.
Does Don Pasquale Pizzeria offer delivery?
Franciscan Crab Restaurant does not offer delivery service.
Are there groups accepted?
EFES Restaurant has a full bar.
No, The Snug does not accept Google Pay.
Ali Baba does not have gluten free options.
Does Zen Yai Thai Restaurant accept Apple pay?
Free WiFi is available at the Bridge Guest House.
You must be at least 18 years old to check-in at The Lensfield Hotel.
Is there a park at Park Tavern?
Do you need a reservation to dine at J Restaurant?
Would I need a reservation for parking there?
There are lots of museums in San Francisco. One is the Cable Car museum in Nob Hill. Would you like more information on that one or would you like to hear about other options?
Admission is free for everyone. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Do I need to make a reservation to go to Roma Antica?
PIPASHA RESTAURANT is not wheelchair accessible.
There is no age restriction
Yes I would like a 2 star motel please.
Does the Seven Hills offer Free Wifi?
State Bird Provisions has parking on the street.
Can I order delivery at Basa Seafood Express?
Does The Gardenia have vegetarian options?
Does True Laurel serve alcohol?
What kinds of parking options are available at your property?
Do you offer any gluten free items?
Aliment has a casual and classy ambience.
Admission to the Exploratorium is $29.95 for adults and $19.95 for children.
Avalon does not provide any shuttle service.
Hello, is there a place to prepare our meals?
Does the Burma Love have Car Parking?
can i BYOB to caffe uno?
Is there a dress code here?
Great! Can you get me the parking details at Bernal Heights Park?
The W San Francisco has elevators available
There is one restaurant onsite at the Phoenix Hotel. No bar is mentioned.
No, smoking is not allowed at Good Hotel.
No, Tanguito doesn't offer delivery service.
Good day, can you tell me if you take reservations there?
Reservations are not needed at the San Francisco Marriott Union Square.
WiFi isn't available at Magowan's Infinite Mirror Maze.
Cote does not have any high chairs available.
The Curry Prince does not offer delivery service at this time.
People cannot ask for extra beds.
Does Helmand Palace have vegetarian options?
Does Souvla offer any vegan options?
Is there any parking nearby?
Is there any parking nearby?
Is there any parking nearby?
Is there any parking nearby?
Is there a delivery serice?
Several credit cards are accepted and you must have a credit card upon arrival.
Are the products you offer good for kids?
New Dumpling King does have vegan friendly options.
Well there are several. Try the four seasons or the Taj Campton place.
Can I park my car at Clarion Alley?
The Walt Disney Family Museum is a good place for kids.
Will Cow Hollow Inn and Suites store my bags at checkout?
Can I use Apple pay to pay for the order
Hotel Groffon  provides concierge service
ok uhhh do they accept uhhh master card
Do you have televisions in the restaurant?
Are there laundry facilities at the Leverton House?
Waterfront Restaurant has a classy ambiance.
Advanced reservation is not required for parking at Amsterdam Hostel.
Yes, a fitness center is available.
Take-out is available at Meze Bar.
Does Underdogs Too have any vegetarian or vegan options?
Marnee Thai does have TV.
Yes, restaurant Two Two offers gluten free options.
Can I use Apple Pay at The Fly Trap?
Is there a shuttle service offered at Carolina Bed and Breakfast?
ok let me see what we have here ok so there are a variety of options so one of them that people tend to like the most is called coit tower
The parking is free at Allenbell.
Stazione accepts American Express, Mastercard, and Visa.
It should have a moderate price range.
is smoking allowed on the property?
Can my dog go with me to Jasmine Garden?
Do you have disability access in your facilities?
What breakfast options are offered at Fairmont San Francisco?
There is no admission fee at Bernal Heights Park, as it is free to all.
Kaiju Eats Ramen and Izakaya is not good for groups.
Does Fable offer free WiFi?
There is street parking at Fable.
What sort of parking options are available?
Do you have any parking facilities on site?
Do you provide delivery service?
Do you provide delivery service?
Do you provide delivery service?
I have several hotels that fit that criteria. Would you like a cheap or moderately priced hotel?
Delivery is offered at Marufuku Ramen SF.
The Civic Center Inn accepts Mastercard, Visa, Discover and Union Pay credit cards for payment.
Plain Jane only offers credit card as its primary payment method.
Galleria Park, a Joie de Vivre Hotel accepts credit cards as payment methods. They accept Visa, Master Card, Discover and American Express. Prepayment options vary according to accommodation needs.
The Hotpot does not have highchairs available.
No, there are non-smoking rooms only.
Deli Board offers take out as a option.
No Delicious Dim Sum does not offer delivery service.
for 2 nights, also do you know if they allow smoking?
Parking is available on site for $35 per day.
Can I smoke here?
Check-out time at the Hotel Boheme is 12:00 PM.
Hey, can I pay with Google Pay there?
The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen does not take reservations.
FINCHES BED AND BREAKFAST does not allow children.
Does your place have a full bar?
Alexander's Steakhouse accepts credit cards for payment.
24 hour all types of food and 2 restaurants on site a la carte
Is WiFi free at  FITZBILLIES RESTAURANT?
they speak both English and Spanish
Can I park my bike at Morty's Delicatessen?
The Alembic does not take reservations.
What is the noise level at Balompie Cafe?
Would I be able to have an order delivered?
Amarena does have outdoor seating.
Yes, the rooms at this hotel are heated.
Yes, Sessions at the Presidio allows dogs.
Does Sala Thong offer live music?
Is Starbelly good place for kids?
Is there a meeting room, or banquet hall for guest to use at Lovell Lodge?
What is the check in time please?
Is take-out ordering offered at Burmese Kitchen?
The Golden Curry does not offer free wi-fi.
Are there luggage storage service?
Are there luggage storage service?
Are there luggage storage service?
Are there luggage storage service?
Are there luggage storage service?
Are there luggage storage service?
Are there luggage storage service?
Are there luggage storage service?
Are there luggage storage service?
Are there luggage storage service?
Are there luggage storage service?
Are there luggage storage service?
Are there luggage storage service?
Are there luggage storage service?
Are there luggage storage service?
Are there luggage storage service?
Are there luggage storage service?
Are there luggage storage service?
Roma Antica serves beer & wine only.
The location is 580 Beach Street. Would you like me to book that for you?
There is no on-site parking at Fitzgerald Hotel Union Square. Charges apply for public parking at a location near the hotel.
Lovejoy's Tea Room has street parking.
Is parking available onsite at the hotel?
Saigon Sandwich does not offer WiFi service.
Credit cards, Apple Pay, and Google Pay are accepted at The Italian Homemade Company.
Does the zoo accept Google Pay?
The hotel provides facilities for guests with disablilities.
credit cards and cash are accepted as payments
Is it good for groups there?
There are gluten free options at Pizza Express.
Dogs are not allowed at Gozu.
Hi, are you guys good for group dining?
Hi, are you guys good for group dining?
Truly Mediterranean does not take reservations.
Is smoking allowed at Underdogs Too?
Clowns Cafe is not wheelchair accessible.
Yes, Troya takes reservations.
Takeout orders are available at The Gardenia.
They are located at 781 Beach St. Can I help you with something else?
Room service is provided at the SF Plaza Hotel.
English and Italian are spoken.
Baggage storage is available.
Baggage storage is available.
Parking is available at University Club of San Francisco.
Parking costs $37.20 per day at Grant Hotel.
Does Brenda's Meat & Three accept Apple Pay?
No, there is no outdoor seating at this place.
What is the check-in time at this location?
What is the check-in time at this location?
Nopalito does not accept Apple Pay.
Nopalito does not accept Apple Pay.
The checkout time is 11:00 am
Besharam has a very chic ambience
Is it ok to bring my kids?
What time can I check in to the hotel?
Does your restaurant have takeout and delivery options?
Is there wheelchair accessibility at Jin Mi Korean Cuisine?
Yes, Berber serves alcohol.
ok ummm let's try the new fortune ummm do you know if they have a t. v.
Do you allow dogs inside your establishment?
No, I'm looking for an attraction, specifically local flavor.
What is the noise level at Ebisu?
Does The View Lounge offer take-out services?
Does Kensington Park Hotel provide WiFi service?
The Walt Disney Family Museum is in that area. How does that sound?
La Mimosa is not wheelchair accessible.
What is the charge to park at Inn at the Opera?
Does Bon, Nene accept Apple Pay as payment?
Does this site offer shared kitchen availability?
i can certainly check to see what's available in that area so unfortunately i'm not finding anything in the cheap price range
No, Tacorea doesn't offer bike parking.
YES, Union Square Plaza Hotel provide daily housekeeping service.
Dragon Beaux does not accept Cryptocurrency.
Do I have to pay any type of damage deposit?
Does San Francisco Proper Hotel provide room service?
Does Hunan Home's Restaurant offer take out ordering?
There is a designated smoking area at Kensington Park Hotel.
What is the ambiance level at the restaurant?
Parking is available at The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar.
How much does the admission cost at Mission Dolores Basilica?
Does Fisherman's Wharf have extra beds?
Travellers Rest serves alcohol including a range of craft beers.
A breakfast is included in the stay, running from 7-10am with a variety of food options.
Parking is available at the Hilton for a daily fee.
the payment options for Aziza aren't available
Is there a bar inside the hotel?
Yes, Saint Johns Chop House has vegetarian friendly options.
The Americania Hotel does offer banquet facilities.
Hello. Can you please help me find a landmark to visit in Presidio?
Private parking is available for $70 per day.
Kitava is a good restaurant for kids.
Ramenwell has no outdoor seats.
Does Table have WiFi available?
Is take out possible at Dumpling Kitchen?
What if my toddler wants to eat at your restaurant?
Yes, Shish Ke Baba is wheelchair accessible.
Gourmet Burger Kitchen does not have seating available outdoors.
Apple pay is accepted.
Kim Son Vietnamese Restaurant does not have TV.
Saucy Asian has outdoor seats.
The ambience of Flour + Water Pizzeria is classy.
Is there room service?
Is there room service?
Yes, the fitness center is available 24/7 at this hotel.
Yes, can you find me a place with 4 stars please?
Tilak does not offer happy hour.
Yes, Golden Wok has free off street parking, plus street and validated parking.
Check-in time is from 3:30pm - 9:00pm.
Bellota does not accept Apple Pay.
Rajmahal does not offer takeout ordering.
Can I watch TV at Craftsman and Wolves?
What are your food options?
Is there live musical entertainment at Cocum?
No, Aziza does not offer delivery service.
The Oasis Cafe is good for kids.
Is there WIFI available?
Does Super Pan have take-out ordering?
Bellota is not a good place to bring kids.
Does Cityroomz offer breakfast options?
WiFi is free at Hotel Zoe Fisherman's Wharf
There are 11 cheap hotels in Union Square. Do you have a star range in mind?
Does Pizza Express Fen Ditton have outdoor seating?
No, dry cleaning is not an available service at Bay Bridge Inn San Francisco.
I have 7 results, 3 of which are in Fisherman's Wharf. Is there a particular area you are interested in?
Yes, Cotto has gluten free options.
Reservations are not needed for parking at The Fairmont Heritage Place Ghirardelli Square.
We have quite a few hotels in Union Square, did you have a price range in mind?
Rintaro accepts credit cards, does not accept Apple Pay or Google Pay
Is bicycle parking available at Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar?
San Francisco Marriott Union Square accepts American Express, Visa, Mastercard, Diners, JCB, Discover and Unionpay credit cards.
Do you have a safe place I can park my bike?
There is a no-smoking policy.
Kimpton Sir Francis Drake Hotel does not offer extra beds.
I am sorry but there are no motels in the area. Would you like me to look for some hotel options?
Does Umami Burger Soma District offer delivery?
Tacko accepts credit cards.
Does Souvla take reservations?
If I book a room with you can I bring my dog?
There are no restaurants nor bars onsite at the Orange Village Hostel
No they do not take reservations.
No they do not take reservations.
Free parking, Free Private Parking Available On Site
Where are some fun places to go in Mission?
Does this site takeout ordering service?
Sorry, you're not allowed to bring a pet to the museum.
Saffron 685 offers beer & wine only.
yeah phone number is four one five seven zero five one five zero zero and their zip code is nine four one zero eight
The Cambridge Chop House does not offer free WiFi.
When is the latest I can check out?
Their are vegan friendly options and meatless options at CatHead's BBQ.
How is parking at Travelodge by Wyndham Presidio San Francisco?
Tartine Bakery & Cafe serves beer & wine only.
Do you have a drive up window?
Yes, alcohol is served at this bar.
BYOB is not possible at Frankie and Bennys.
7D Experience is open Monday through Sunday from 10AM to 9PM.
What time does Gregangelo's Velocity Arts & Entertainment open each day? And when does it close?
Is there live music at The Copper Kettle?
CITY CENTRE NORTH B AND B does not provide room service.
No, this is a completely smoke-free hotel.
At Twin Peaks Hotel the WiFi is free. There is no charge to use WiFi.
You can either order breakfast to your room, or eat breakfast in the Level III restaurant.
Can I have a roll away bed put into my room?
Yes, Karaweik Burmese Cuisine provides free WiFi.
What types of payments do you accept?
There is currently no take out ordering yet.
There is free WiFi available in public areas at the Minna Hotel.
No Grubbin doesn't accept Cryptocurrency.
Is an airport shuttle available at Buena Vista Motor Inn?
uhhh how about moderate price range instead
Street parking is available at Dumpling Kitchen.
Is there outdoor seating at Frascati?
Yes, there is a designated smoking area at Worth House.
Check-out is at 12 pm at JW Marriott San Francisco Union Square.
Ebisu accepts credit card and cash.
Papito Potrero Hill is good for kids.
Rusty's Southern is kid friendly!
Is there a restaurant or bar onsite at Allenbell?
Do you offer meeting or banquet facilities here?
ok so on my own that works ummm is there a place that i can eat somewhere near there as well ummm probably moderate price range that maybe has dance club food
Ugly Duckling does not have gluten free options.
Is there any coffee or tea maker?
Does The Hotpot have vegetarian selections?
Do I need to make reservation at Bel Air Hotel?
Can I use Google Pay at Souvla?
The front desk at Ashley Hotel is not open for 24 hours.
Lombard Street sounds interesting. Is this place good for kids?
Is A Desi Cafe good for kids?
Does Chelsea Inn provide any shuttle service?
Shanghai Family Restaurant does not offer free delivery.
Does the Franciscan Crab Restaurant have gluten-free options?
Yes, Farm : Table does allow dogs.
Can I use Google pay at Mama's On Washington Square?
When does the check-in time begin at the Twin Peaks Hotel?
What credit cards do you accept?
What credit cards do you accept?
What credit cards do you accept?
What credit cards do you accept?
What credit cards do you accept?
What credit cards do you accept?
What credit cards do you accept?
Galleria Park, a Joie de Vivre Hotel is a pet friendly establishment. There may be an extra charge for pets.
Cocum is not wheelchair accessible.
Does Nojo Ramen take Apply Pay?
Does Chancellor Hotel on Union Square have a meeting area?
Is it good for kids at Pizzetta 211?
Yes, each room has air conditioning.
YH-Beijing offers take-out ordering.
I would like to find an attraction to visit in the Presidio area.
The dress code at California Academy of Sciences is casual.
Do you charge for pets?
Marnee Thai serves beer and wine only.
I found 4 restaurants in the area serving Chinese food. Do you have a price range preference?
Kin Khao offers valet parking only.
Can I watch TV at Farm : Table?
third street okay and then ummm i'm gonna be bringing my dog with me on my trip you know if they allow dogs inside that museum
oh ok ummm what's the what what area is that in
Is parking available at Hotel Riu Plaza Fisherman's Wharf?
Hi, can you tell me what forms of payment you accept?
The Front Porch offers happy hour specials.
Are dogs allowed at your establishment?
Are dogs allowed at your establishment?
Are dogs allowed at your establishment?
Do you need a reservation for parking?
Does Shanghai Family Restaurant serve alcoholic beverages?
No, Kim Son Vietnamese Restaurant does not offer free WiFi.
Can I park my car at Wave Organ?
Are there any vegetarian pizzas at Flour + Water Pizzeria?
no problem their address is five zero one post street
Noise level is average at Swan Oyster Depot.
Yes bike can be parked at Corridor Restaurant.
apply pay is accepted.
Is there any parking facilities available at San Francisco Zoo?
Do you offer free WiFi at Dragon Beaux?
Is parking available at Rooster & Rice?
Do I need to make an appointment before coming?
sure the pier thirty nine is a great spot in fisherman's wharf
Bon, Nene accepts Apple Pay.
What credit cards do you take?
What credit cards do you take?
What credit cards do you take?
What credit cards do you take?
Starbelly is good for groups.
Does your hotel offer air-conditioned rooms?
Live music is not offered at Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton.
Check in at the Holiday Inn Express San Francico- Union Square is at 3:00pm.
De Luca Cucina and Bar has highchairs.
Does Archway House provide daily housekeeping services?
Is Apple Pay accepted at Falafelland?
Is free WiFi available at your location?
Is there a concierge service?
Is there a concierge service?
What type of parking is at Ebisu?
Where can I find a place to leave my car?
Smoking is allowed in the outdoor area/patio only.
Is there outdoor seating at Subs?
The phone number for the Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant is (415) 989-2638.
Hey, good evening. Do you guys have a bar?
Arbury Lodge Guesthouse does not offer breakfast for free.
Are you good for group
No, Pizza Express Fen Ditton does not take reservations.
Can you provide an extra bed to my room?
Bridge Guest House does not offer a dry cleaning service.
The Missing Sock does not offer take-out at this time.
There is street parking at this location.
Does Deccan Spice offer delivery service?
What payment options does Kasa Indian Eatery take?
Does Bite serve alcohol?
I want to bring my child with me, does The Snug have high chairs?
There is luggage storage service available
Does Nopa accept reservations?
Does the CURRY GARDEN provide take-out ordering service to their customers?
The Axiom Hotel has a 4 star rating or Andrews Hotel touts 3 stars. Can I book a room at either place for you?
Do you offer a continental breakfast?
Is A Mano good for groups?
Yes, Galleria has outdoor seats.
I want to go to a beach in Bernal Heights
No, The GrilledCheezGuy doesn't deliver your order.
Is there outdoor seating available at Kitchen Istanbul?
Is wifi available?
Is wifi available?
Is wifi available?
Google Pay is not accepted at Saucy Asian.
Yes, there are 2 elevators at Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Downtown/Van Ness Ave.
Do they have wifi available?
Is there any Halal option available?
Is daily housekeeping provided at Hilton San Francisco Union Square?
There's a 3 star hotel in Japantown named Kimpton Buchanan Hotel. Would you like to learn more or book a stay?
Warakubune Sushi has bike parking.
Thank you. I'd also like to know the admission fee for the museum.
Perfect. What is the address?
Are we allowed to bring our own bottle?
Are there any additional charges to stay with my pet?
Shuttle service is not provided by Chelsea Inn.
People can park bikes at Bistro At The Cliff House.
What is the earliest check-in time?
Yes, take-out ordering is offered here.
Yes, take-out ordering is offered here.
Yes, take-out ordering is offered here.
Is there any outdoor seating area at Tilak?
Can I park my bike at Pier 33?
Does your hotel offer heat?
Does your hotel offer heat?
Will The Gandhi deliver my order?
Does The Suites at Fisherman's Wharf offer luggage storage service?
Is Crab House at Pier 39 kid friendly?
Yes, Marufuku Ramen SF is a good place for groups.
Do you have private parking available?
Can I get rollaway beds at Club Donatello?
Is Zazie a good place for kids?
Smoking is prohibited at Hogwash.
Dry cleaning services are not provided here.
No, under the house rules section it says they do not offer extra beds.
Burma Love currently does not accept Google Pay.
No. Non-smoking property
No. Non-smoking property
Is there a place to stay in the same area too?
Is breakfast provided at Holiday Inn Express San Francisco-Union Square?
Do you offer take out or delivery?
Do you offer take out or delivery?
The Americano Restaurant and Bar are located at the Hotel Vitale.
There are no safety deposit boxes in the rooms at the Leverton House.
No, there is not a smoking area at the Courtyard by Marriott Fishermans Wharf.
Yes, a person must be 18 to check in.
Yes, can I get the phone number and address?
Do the rooms have air conditioning?
Do the rooms have air conditioning?
No, children are not allowed.
Gozu is wheelchair accessible.
Check-in time begins at 3:00 p.m.
Do you have parking for bikes?
Yes, The Front Porch offers delivery service.
Parking for the Kimpton Sir Francis Drake Hotel is available at a nearby site
What languages does the hotel speak?
The WiFi is free.
The WiFi is free.
The WiFi is free.
door address is four nine five geary street
Can we sit outside at Nopalito?
The address is 151 3rd Street.
Hi there, are there any high chairs at your restaurant?
Dogs are not allowed at Zen Yai Thai Restaurant.
Validated parking is available at Franciscan Crab Restaurant.
Pharaohs Mediterranean Sandwiches does not accept cryptocurrency.
There is no fitness center or gym available at Warkworth House.
Delivery service is available at Bella Trattoria.
Do I need a reservation for on site parking?
Tell me if their rooms are heated.
There a no high chairs available at THE SLUG AND LETTUCE.
Is there a restaurant located within the hotel?
Is there any kitchen available for guests at Comfort Inn By the Bay Hotel San Francisco?
ok nob hill motor inn all right ummm does does that ummm hotel have heat in their rooms
Does Arizmendi Bakery offer delivery?
Is there a charge for parking my vehicle at the hotel?
that could be uhhh kind of interesting ummm would you mind sending me the address of that uhhh landmark
DO you have daily housekeeping?
DO you have daily housekeeping?
Do you allow sneakers and jeans?
Free street parking is available at Warkworth House.
Take-out ordering is offered at Flour + Water Pizzeria.
Reservations are accepted.
The Orange Village Hostel speaks English, Spanish, Korean, Filipino, Vietnamese and Chinese.
Cotto is not wheelchair accessible.
Can your hotel accommodate a business meeting?
ok uhhh can you give me the zip codes for both
Does this site offer dry cleaning services?
Does this site offer dry cleaning services?
Does this site offer dry cleaning services?
Does this site offer dry cleaning services?
Does this site offer dry cleaning services?
Does this site offer dry cleaning services?
Does this site offer dry cleaning services?
Does this site offer dry cleaning services?
Does this site offer dry cleaning services?
Does this site offer dry cleaning services?
Does this site offer dry cleaning services?
Does this site offer dry cleaning services?
I was hoping to find a place to hike.
Can I park my bike at Lombard Street?
Do you take anything besides cash?
Yes, they are focused on art.
Can you tell me about the attire at this restaurant?
Yes, there is room service.
Yes the rooms at The Grove Inn are heated.
Yes, Jake's Steaks offers outdoor seating.
Is Dragon Beaux okay for wheelchairs?
Is bike parking available at Ocean Beach?
great ummm then i was looking for a place to eat out in the same area that's cheap like a deli of some kind that had sandwiches
What kind of noise level is at Nob Hill Cafe?
What is your guys ambience like?
Parking is USD 75.24 a day.
Kung Food does not allow to bring dogs.
There is free WiFi available in public areas at JW Marriott San Francisco Union Square.
I need to go to a beach in San Francisco.
Are there any vegetarian options available?
Does the Kitchen Story  accept Apple Pay?
Lucky Pig has an average noise level.
Eraina does not offer gluten free options.
Can I get delivery from Dumpling Alley?
No, Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen does not accept Apple Pay.
Actually, can you check to see if there are any expensive hotels in Union Square?
Parking is available at Golden House.
The guest rooms are heated and air-conditioned.
Corridor Restaurant has a variety of vegan options.
Is Bay City Bike Rentals and Tours good for kids?
TV is not available at Nopalito.
Credit cards are accepted at Benu.
Do you happen to deliver?
The Chancellor Hotel on Union Square does have elevators
Accommodations are available for all ages.
Yes. High chairs are available.
Can I bring my dog to Nojo Ramen Tavern?
What's the cost of WiFi here?
Does the hotel offer a breakfast?
Is Outerlands good for kids?
Yes, there is a validated parking garage available at Crab House at Pier 39.
Mount Davidson Park allows you to bring dogs.
oh ok ummm. can i just get the hotel type and address
Is there any kitchen available for guests at Presidio Parkway Inn?
Does Hotel Zephyr San Francisco offer baggage storage?
Hey, do you have any outdoor seating options there?
Does NANDOS CITY CENTRE have parking available?
Ambience is casual at Golden State Grill.
Do you have internet access?
Is smoking allowed at CatHead's BBQ?
Yes, the front desk at Grand Hotel is open 24 hours.
What is the check-out time?
What is the check-out time?
What is the check-out time?
Restaurant Alimentum has high chairs available.
Would I be able to park my bike there?
The noise level at Pho Huynh Hiep 2 - Kevin's Noodle House is average.
What is the cancellation policy at Allenbell?
What languages are spoken at City Centre North B and B?
Would you like New American or Traditional?
Does Kitava accept Cryptocurrency?
This restaurant does have TV.
Are there takeout and delivery services at Morty's Delicatessen?
Does Nojo Ramen Tavern have vegeterian friendly options?
Is smoking allowed there?
Is smoking allowed there?
do you guys provide  free breakfast
The noise level is considered to be loud at Liholiho Yacht Club.
Do I need a reservation at Falafelland?
This restaurant accepts American Express, Mastercard and Visa.
Hogwash has vegan and vegetarian friendly options.
Parking is available at San Francisco Marriott Fisherman's Wharf in a secure parking garage at a price of $62 per day.
Daily housekeeping service is provided at the Oasis Inn.
Do you have a happy hour menu there?
Is take out ordering available at New Eritrea Restaurant & Bar?
I need a hostel in Union Square
Can a wheelchair enter Panahar with ease?
The check-out time at CITYROOMZ is at 10:00.
Does Perilla do take-out?
How much is charged for parking my car?
Yes, Mangal Mediterranean Restaurant is a good place for kids.
Do you have any vegetarian-friendly options?
Can I use Google Pay at Tuba Authentic Turkish Restaurant?
Is the Old Jerusalem Restaurant wheelchair accessible?
At this time, Restaurant Two Two does not offer live music.
Is there a designated smoking area at The Willows Inn?
Does Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen offer take-out ordering?
Hotel Riu Plaza Fisherman's Wharf does not have a designated smoking area.
Is there a safety deposit at Archway House?
J Restaurant does not offer outdoor seating.
There is no bike parking available at Pier 39.
Ripley's Believe It or Not! has bike parking.
Does Delicious Dim Sum have vegetarian food?
They speak English, Spanish, French, Portuguese, Filipino, and Chinese
Cordon Bleu does not provide free WiFi.
The front desk here is not 24 hours.
Marlowe takes reservations.
Are there concierge services at the hotel?
Galleria has high chairs for babies.
What is the ambience at the Kasa Indian Eatery ?
Does Mars Bar & Restaurant offer live music?
Are any daily housekeeping services available?
Do you have outdoor seating there?
WiFi service is free of charge and is available in all areas at Nob Hill Hotel, San Francisco.
Apple Pay is not an accepted form of payment at San Francisco Museum of Modern Art.
Daily housekeeping services are not provided here.
The hours are from 10:00 am until 9:00 pm Sunday through Thursday, and they are open until 10:00 pm on Friday and Saturday.
Does Cordon Bleu offer happy hour specials?
Nourish Cafe is not good for groups.
What is the dress code there?
No, Google Pay is not accepted at Super Pan.
Madame Tussauds San Francisco is also at that area.
Is Sutro Baths wheelchair accessible?
How much to use the WiFi?
No, high chairs for babies are not available at City Stop Restaurant.
Is Zuni Cafe fancy?
Are there any airport shuttle service at the site?
Shiraz Restaurant does not off take-out ordering.
yeah could you look in lower nob hill please
Are high chairs available at Alimentum?
What forms of payments do you accept?
Drive thru service is not provided.
Does Hyatt Place San Francisco/Downtown provide daily housekeeping service?
Do you accept Google Pay as payment?
Do you accept Google Pay as payment?
You can park your car at Holiday Inn San Francisco - Golden Gateway.
What ratings are you considering?
I think Columbus Inn wold offer a nice flavor in North Beach.
ok great thanks for the information uhhh i'm also looking for place to stay do you know if there's bed and breakfast in the same area in the moderate price range
Does Lao Table take reservations?
Does KYMMOY have chairs available for babies?
BYOB is not possible at MEZE BAR.
Street parking is available at Pharaohs Mediterranean Sandwiches.
Is Saigon Sandwich considered to be group friendly?
How much is the wifi?
yeah let me take a look and see if they do fortunately they do
The Oak Bistro does not take reservations.
Does The Wharf Inn have an elevator?
Yes, this establishment is good for groups.
Does Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar offer delivery services?
Andrews Hotel actually has a 4-star rating, would you like me to look for something with a higher rating?
Luggage storage service is provided by Noe's Nest Bed and Breakfast.
Can I bring my wheelchair?
Does Mangal Mediterranean Restaurant offer a delivery service?
oh ok ummm cool do you do you have the phone number listed for that
Is there anywhere I can park my bike?
They do not accept Apple Pay.
Does this establishment accept credit cards as a payment option?
Oh, could I get the information about whether they have any parking option onsite?
Does the Mensho Tokyo have high chairs for Kids?
Can I park my car at San Francisco Botanical Garden?
Are there TVs available?
I'm looking for a 1 star hotel in North Beach.
Waterfront Restaurant offers a full bar.
Is it possible to eat outside at Rooster & Rice?
I'm looking for a hotel in Union Square
What breakfast options are available at Admiral Hotel?
Michaelhouse Cafe has validated parking, street parking and off street parking available.
Yes, children are allowed at Cityroomz.
Fayala does not have vegetarian friendly options.
No, Anchor Oyster Bar is not good for groups.
The Little Chihuahua offers parking for bikes.
Free wifi is offered.
The Inn offers free continental breakfast.
What is the check-in time?
What is the check-in time?
What is the check-in time?
What is the check-in time?
Private parking is available on-site for $55.00 per day.
Street parking is available at Aria Korean Street Food.
Yes, there is accessible parking.
Can I have clothes dry cleaned there?
Do you have BYOB offers?
Zizzi Cambridge offers free off-street parking.
Does Um Ma Son have reservations?
Unfortunately, this restaurant does not have a TV available.
You cannot bring your own alcohol with you to pizza Hut Fen Ditton.
The front desk is open for 24 hours a day at Coventry Inn.
Does the JNopa accept Apple Pay?
Sure, the address is 515 Mason Street, Union Square 94102
Bike parking is not allowed at Filbert Steps.
Dojo Noodle Bar does not have high chairs available for babies.
Do you offer concierge service?
The JW Marriot's housekeeping services at SF Union Square are done daily.
Hakka does not have outdoor seating available.
I would like to book a table for Sunday at 1:30.
Does this site require safe deposit?
Does The Italian Homemade Company offer parking?
The noise level is average at The Little Chihuahua.
family rooms are available with multiple beds
New Eritrea Restaurant & Bar does offer vegan friendly options.
Is there a happy house at Takara Sushi?
Outdoor seating is not available at Mama's On Washington Square.
Yes, Old Jerusalem Restaurant offers free WiFi.
Does De Afghanan Kabob House offer delivery service?
The Alpha-Milton guest house offers limited kitchen facilities such as microwave and full English/Irish breakfast.
Asian Box does not take reservations.
Yes, the restaurant does serve alcohol.
Are kids welcomed at Pushkin?
Picaro offers vegetarian friendly options.
Do you have air-conditioning?
The Leverton House accepts Visa, Mastercard, Maestro, American Express, and Solo.
perfect. the uhhh is there a park in that area
Are there any rooms available for smoking?
Do you offer storage for luggage?
Can I get the confirmation number?
King George does not offer extra beds.
El Farolito is good for groups.
yes, please continue to look for moderately priced ones.
The San Francisco Dungeon is open from 11am to 7pm Sunday - Thursday and 10am to 7pm Fridays and Saturdays.
The Swan Oyster Depot restaurant does not allow smoking.
Are there rooms with disability access?
Do you allow children to stay here?
Kensington Park Hotel offers a dry cleaning service for an additional charge.
What payment methods are accepted at Dragon Beaux?
There is daily housekeeping service at the Andrews Hotel.
Are my reservations needed for private parking?
The Andrews Hotel is a 3 star hotel that is moderately priced. Do you want me to book a room for you?
They do not currently allow pets.
Attire/Dress code is casual at Taboun.
No, Brenda's French Soul Food does not offer a happy hour.
Noise level is average at Hard Knox Cafe.
Cordon Bleu has street parking.
Yes, is there free parking there?
Parking Garage, Street and Private Lot are all available for cars at Sam Wo Restaurant.
The Bel Air Hotel does have elevators
When I looked again, I actually do see a Marriott option. So sorry. How about the San Francisco Marriott Union Square?
THE CORNELL HOTEL DE FRANCE PROVIDES DAILY HOUSEKEEPING SERVICE.
How many different languages are spoken at your hotel?
Stem Kitchen & Garden is good for kids.
The Stix is wheelchair accessible.
ZIZZI CAMBRIDGE does not have halal options.
Would I be able to get an extra bed for my child at FOUND?
YH-Beijing is good for groups.
Yes, Ferry Building Marketplace is a public market located in Embarcadero. Would you like the address?
The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen does offer happy hour.
There is dry cleaning at University Arms Hotel but for an extra cost.
Does Alexander's Steakhouse have outdoor seating?
You can use your season ticket for all the trains with no additional fees. But you need to visit the ticket office in your station to pick up a physical ticket for your ride.
Inn at Union Square offers 24 hour concierge services.
There's a lift at JW Marriott San Francisco Union Square.
The Harbor Court Hotel includes WiFi for free.
Am I able to make a reservation ahead of time?
You can absolutely park your car here - in the street or in a private lot. Good luck.
Is there a car parking at Fog Harbor Fish House?
Kitchen Story does take reservations.
The front desk is not open for 24 hours at ACORN GUEST HOUSE.
The Aylesbray Lodge Guest House does not provide shuttle service.
The rooms at the Courtyard by Marriott in San Francisco Union Square are air-conditioned with a central air cooling unit.
definitely it's fifteen ninety nine lombard street that zip code is nine four one two three
Yes, CURRY QUEEN has delivery service.
Cartoon Art Museum would be perfect then.
Does the RIVERSIDE BRASSERIE have Delivery options?
Yes, it does have a TV.
Blind Butcher does not have TV.
Yes, this cafe offers take out.
The charge to park at the Inn at the Opera is thirty five dollars per day.
Free English/Irish breakfast is available here.
There are many hotels that meet that criteria. Would you like to narrow it down by the price range?
Thanks, do they offer outdoor dining?
Yes, the Laurel Inn does have a lift.
Does Rooster & Rice take reservations?
Yes car can be parked at Fog Harbor Fish House.
There is no kitchen available for the guests at the Argonaut Hotel, a Noble House Hotel.
What types of credit cards do you take?
Are there any soy free options there?
Are there any Tv's?
Do you take advance reservations?
Yes, A La Turca Restaurant is good for kids.
Dry cleaning is available at additional charge at Hotel Spero.
Delivery is available for orders over $2.99.
Dogs are not allowed at de Young
Yes, Piccolo Forno has TV.
Is there street parking?
Is there a happy hour at Nourish Cafe?
No, Allenbell does not have a spa onsite.
Soul does not offer happy hour.
Is take-out ordering available at City Stop Restaurant?
I'm not sure. I am just looking for a cheap hotel.
The Kirkwood House does not provide room service.
does the j restaurant offer outdoor seating?
Souvla does not take reservations.
Baggage storage is offered at Harbor Court Hotel.
Tartine Bakery & Cafe offers delivery service.
Are public restrooms available at the stations?
You may pay with credit card or cash at this restaurant.
Do you offer take out ordering at Oasis Cafe?
Is there street parking at Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen?
Can I place a take-out order at Tandoori Palace?
Does the cafe have a television?
You can grab breakfast at The Camper, which is a quick-serve onsite dining option with locally-sourced food.
Are there any outdoor seats at Californios?
Do you offer a fitness center or gym onsite?
Do you offer a fitness center or gym onsite?
Yes, according to the amount of seating and a few of the comments mentioning the menu being vast it is good for group visits.
Hey do you guys have any happy hour specials?
What breakfast options does Comfort Inn By the Bay Hotel San Francisco offer?
Yes, and can you tell me what time the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art opens in the morning?
Great, you'll be able to rent at Bay City Bike Rentals and Tours. Would you like me to get the address for you?
Do you have any extra beds available by any chance?
Bike parking is available at Bite.
Can I park my bike at San Francisco Museum of Modern Art?
Does your restaurant have free WiFi.
Does Rooster & Rice have vegan options?
On site private parking is available for a cost of US $49 per day at Chancellor Hotel on Union Square.
Does SF Honey Pig Korean BBQ have a TV?
There is a parking garage to park your car at Orchard Hotel.
Roam Artisan Burgers offers delivery service.
Yes, Kin Khao is wheelchair accessible.
Hi, what are the landmarks around the Mission area of San Francisco?
Troya does not have any outdoor seating.
Are there any vegetarian options at La Taqueria?
Do you have a delivery service?
Alcohol is not served at City Stop Restaurant.
Meeting/Banquet facilities are available for an additional charge.
perfect ummm i would love if you could book a table for two people on sunday at twelve thirty p. m.
Does Sons & Daughters take reservations?
No.  Dogs are not allowed.
Does Hotel Drisco offer extra beds?
Meeting and banquet rooms are available for an additional fee.
Meze Bar does not have outdoor seating.
Shuttle service is available.
How many and what kind of payment options does your establishment take from its customers?
There is no mention of dry cleaning on the websites main pages.
Street parking is available at Bon, Nene.
There is free public accessible parking onsite.
Free WiFi is available at the Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf.
Are there groups of people able to attend?
Are pets allowed at Hilton San Francisco Union Square?
Check-in time begins from 3:00 pm at Orchard Grand Hotel.
Parking is free at the Autumn House.
Yes. The Front Porch takes reservations.
Tang Chinese does not offer halal options.
Can I make an order for delivery?
The Melt - 455 Market is good for groups.
Clarion Alley is a good place for kids.
Does Tartine Bakery & Cafe accept Google Pay?
Is this museum free to visit?
Is there free parking at your lodge?
Does Waterfront Restaurant offer free WiFi?
Tony's Pizza Napoletana is good for groups. They have plenty of booths and a cocktail bar.
Is there a place for me to leave my bike?
Are there any vegetarian options available at Coqueta?
Does the Allenbell offer any outdoors activities?
Do you have meeting and banquet rooms?
Galleria takes major credit cards including Visa, Mastercard, and American Express.
Yes the front desk is open 24 hours a day
You can check out Filbert Steps, Fisherman's Wharf or North Beach.
ok got it uhhh one more question actually ummm i'm looking to grab dinner in the presidio heights area ummm that serve kebabs and hopefully that's in a moderate price range could see if there's anything like that
Does Cambridge Belfry offer housekeeping?
Does Kohinoor have free WiFi for its customers?
Is Free WiFi offered at Orchard Hotel?
Is there wheelchair access at the New Fortune Restaurant?
Does Crepes On Cole have high chairs available for babies?
Does New Fortune Restaurant offer vegan friendly options?
Meeting and banquet facilities are available at Hotel Zephyr San Francisco.
Can I bring my dog with me to dinner tonight?
Is there a laundry facility available at Ashley Hotel?
Does your rooms have air conditioning.
Is there free wifi at Bite?
No, Cinderella Bakery & Cafe doesn't offer happy hour.
We don't offer take-out ordering at City Stop Restaurant.
Baggage Storage is available at Hotel Nikko San Francisco.
Kaiju Eats Ramen and Izakaya does offer take-out.
extra beds are not offered at Good hotel
What are your operating hours of Bay City Bike Rentals and Tours?
Can I park my car at Gregangelo's Velocity Arts & Entertainment?
Garage and street parking are both available.
Is there a restaurant or bar available onsite?
Does Manna accept reservations?
Is there parking available for bikes at Outerlands?
On site parking is available at the Carolina Bed and Breakfast.
When is the Exploratorium open every day?
Will you find me a cheap hotel?
The phone number of the Argonaut Hotel is as follows: (415) 563-0800.
Do you have vegan or vegetarian itms on the menu?
uhhh can can you repeat that i just i need to get something to write
Breakfast is served at the Red Fin restaurant, which is onsite.
Does Fog Harbor Fish House have a kid's menu?
Does your hotel offer baggage storage services?
There is no Live Music at COTE.
The Golden Gate Bridge is open 24 hours a day.
Are dogs allowed at KoJa Kitchen?
Yes, meeting and banquet facilities are available for an additional charge.
Yes, meeting and banquet facilities are available for an additional charge.
Are there any room available with disability access?
Yes, there is free private parking at Home from Home.
Jiangnan Cuisine is great for groups, as their photos show a diverse selection of dishes. Based on some photos, tables are not fixed, thus may be easily arranged to accommodate a large number of patrons.
Are there places to eat and drink in the area?
What are your payment methods at Tang Chinese?
No, Sumac doesn't have bike parking.
Meze Bar does not have gluten free options.
Is it possible to get food delivered from Nopalito?
Cryptocurrency is not accepted at Roma Antica.
The website says that there is on-site parking but doesn't list any cost for parking
Is State Bird Provisions good for groups?
Is there a laundry facility on site?
Do they have a TV?
Yes, a concierge service is available.
Do you have any opening for the first week in May?
Gozu offers a selection of alcoholic beverages.
The Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf offers parking for 58 dollars per hour.
Average noise level at Rooster & Rice.
Parking is available at a nearby site for $39.90 per day
What's the dress attire at San Francisco Museum of Modern Art?
Yes, the front desk at Hyatt Centric Fisherman's Wharf San Francisco opens for 24 hours.
Do you provide any outdoor seating?
Do they have any guided tour at the Cathedral?
All credit cards will be taken by Sala Thong.
There is no swimming pool onsite at Acorn Guest House.
No Kung Food doesn't have outdoor seats.
hmmm ok ummm do you know of any other parks anywhere in the city
A 50% non-refundable deposit is required here.
Yes, My Tofu House is good for groups.
Is alchohol served at Dumpling Alley?
There are no onsite swimming pools at the Dakota Hostel and Hotel.
Before that, can you tell me the parking details at The Mrs. Doubtfire House?
Is there free WiFi at Union Square Plaza Hotel?
How do i pay?
Are the rooms heated at Warfield Hotel?
Tselogs has bike parking.
Do you accept credit cards as a payment option?
Yes, this restaurant takes your reservations.
Is there a shuttle service?
Is there a shuttle service?
There are a number of options in both the cheap and moderate price range. Do you have a preference?
The rooms are air-conditioned.
What are the payment options at PIZZA EXPRESS FEN DITTON?
There is no smoking allowed at the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel.
The hotel accepts Union Pay, Mastercard, American Express, Visa and Discover.
Does Proposition Chicken offer a happy hour?
Can I bring my dog to Karaweik Burmese Cuisine?
Will there be air conditioning in my room?
Yes you may make take out orders.
Does Good Hotel have WiFi and is there an extra fee?
What are the types of payment methods accepted at The Wharf Inn?
The Tartine Bakery & Cafe restaurant has bike parking.
I need to find a moderately priced hotel in the Union Square area.
oh ok that would work do know whether they have a restaurant at the hotel
Is there heating or air conditioning in your rooms?
Is the Yale Hotel front desk open 24 hours?
I need a park in Castro
I'm sorry, I did not get back any results for that search.
Is take-out ordering offered at Nob Hill Cafe?
There are no meeting or banquet facilities offered by CAROLINA BED AND BREAKFAST.
Lovejoy's Tea Room takes reservations.
You must be 18 or older to check-in at this hotel.
Not right now, but do they allow smoking?
The River Bar and Steakhouse accepts all major credit cards as payment.
Does Saffron 685 have happy hour specials?
WiFi is available at Hotel Spero, however, charges do apply.
Little Seoul takes credit cards.
American Express, Visa, Mastercard, Discover, JCB, Diners Club, Carte Blanche, and UnionPay cards are accepted at King George.
What's your dress code please?
Is Wifi available at your hotel?
Can I order takeout at Underdogs Too?
Yes, they serves beer and wine only.
Yes, WiFi is free at The Italian Homemade Company.
Price range is not an issue. Please recommend me the best local flavor there.
Dumpling Kitchen is reported to have average noise level.
The Check- in time is 4:00 PM at The Ritz-Carlton, San Francisco.
Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton does not have high chairs available for babies.
The Progress is good for groups.
Inn on Folsom has air conditioning in rooms.
You cannot park at Coit Tower.
Do you have a drive-thru window there?
Kim Son Vietnamese Restaurant offer take-out services.
uhhh can you check if they uhhh need a reservation to park to park there
The Hyatt check-in time is 4:00 pm and is listed at the bottom of the web page in the House Rules section
Is free WiFi service offered here?
Some sort of Asian fusion food
I'd like to go to an art museum in San Francisco
No, Um Ma Son doesn't offer outdoor seating.
Thai Time Restaurant accepts credit cards.
There is no aquarium at Fisherman's wharf, can I look for something else?
Is air conditioning available in the rooms?
Rusty's Southern has beer and wine.
totally there's a spot that's called fog harbor fish house
The Hobsons House is completely non-smoking.
Does Phoenix Hotel have any restaurants or bars?
Does the GRAFFITI have live music?
Check in is from 3:00 PM to 12:00 AM
that's a great question so i'm not finding any businesses here so i do not see any military discount offered
Hotel Bijou offers guest rooms with free WiFi.
Does Frisco Fried accept Apple Pay?
Smokin' Warehouse Barbecue - Sacramento Street does not accept Apple Pay.
Is delivery offerd?
The check-out time is at noon.
The check-out time is at noon.
Does My Tofu House serve vegan food?
TV is not available at Mama's On Washington Square.
Manna does not offer reservation services.
There is no restaurant or bar onsite at the Warkworth House.
So there is no aquarium? How about a beach in Presidio?
How about San Francisco Museum of Modern Art then?
Does your hotel offer any dry cleaning services?
Bon, Nene offers delivery service.
Is bike parking available at Cupid's Span?
awesome inn san francisco and uhhh is the wi-fi free there
Yes, this establishment offers delivery service.
Does Kitava accept Google Pay?
One selection I've found for you is the Cable Car Museum. Would you like to learn more?
Does Frascati offer free WiFi?
When does check-in time start at Amsterdam Hostel?
Are dogs allowed at Park Tavern?
What are the parking options at Royal Standard?
Hi, can you let me know the hours of the front desk?
The Curry King does not take reservations.
Yes, the Grant Hotel provides luggage storage services.
Is there always someone at the front desk if I need something?
Yes, you can make a reservation in advance.
Hilton San Francisco Financial District does not have swimming pool onsite.
Rice Boat does not have the halal option.
Kimpton Buchanan Hotel allows pets for free.
How much does parking cost at Hotel Zoe Fisherman's Wharf?
Is Thanh Binh wheelchair accessible?
Does your hotel offer heated rooms?
Yes, they offer vegan options according to the attribute information.
OK, is Tom and Jerry's House wheelchair accessible?
Parking is free of charge at Leverton House.
A reservation is not needed for parking at the Bridge Guest House.
Do you guys have a TV to watch tonight's game?
Does The Wharf Inn provide concierge service?
Yes, MEZE BAR is a wheelchair accessible establishment.
Tacorea accepts credit cards, Apple Pay, and Google Pay.
The Cheesecake Factory does have TV.
Yes, air conditioning is available at this property.
Is Souvla by appointment only?
Is Delores Park good for kids?
Do you offer breakfast there?
Is free Wifi provided for guests?
The check-out time at Hilton San Francisco Union Square is 11:00AM.
WiFi is available.
WiFi is not available at Atelier Crenn.
J Restaurant does not offer delivery service.
Does this hotel have any smoke area?
What is the parking situation there like?
Are there vegan options?
Is there ever live music at la tasca?
What is the noise level like at Troya?
There are meeting rooms at Huntingdon Marriott Hotel.
Parking options at The Rotunda include garage parking, street parking, and parking in a private lot.
Is there a fitness center at the hotel?
Is there a fitness center at the hotel?
Parking is available at Fitzbillies Restaurant.
Is an elevator available at The Clift Royal Sonesta San Francisco?
Is there an onsite spa at Allenbell?
Highchairs are available at Graffiti.
What's the ambiance of Troya?
Do you guys provide parking for bikes there?
What dining options are there at the Andrews Hotel?
Yes.Ferry Building Marketplace is good for kids.
does Papito Hayes serve alcohol?
Is there parking for bikes at UnderdogsToo?
The SF Honey Pig Korean BBQ does offer free WiFi.
Pacific Cafe does not have outdoor seats.
WiFi is free for unlimited devices
Meghna takes reservations.
Can I get a disabled room?
Hi, do you guys offer any vegan dining options?
The Tanguito does not serve alcohol.
Are there additional charges for wifi service?
Is there delivery at Stix?
Is bicycle parking available at Tselogs?
Would you be interested in Clarion Alley?
The hotel checkout time is 12:00 pm
Are rooms accessible?
Does 455 offer free WiFi?
Yes, Taboun has vegan friendly options.
English and Spanish are spoken at the Presidio Parkway Inn.
There is no take-out ordering at Ugly Duckling.
Jake's Steaks is a good place for kids.
no  taj tandoori does not offer live music at the time .
Is there delivery available at the Saigon Sandwich?
What alcoholic drinks does Cotto serve?
Does the Tacos El Patron have a TV?
No, this restaurant does not have happy hour.
State Bird Provisions does not have a  drive thru.
Wifi at Hobsons House is free but available in public areas.
Yes, it is good for groups and even offers group bookings.
The rooms at the W San Francisco are air-conditioned.
Can I get dry-cleaning service there?
No, there is no delivery available for The Golden Curry.
Are there dry cleaning services on site or nearby?
There is no live music at THE HOTSPOT.
Does Club Donatello have a fitness center?
do they allow pets in their rooms?
Do you allow smoking there?
SF Honey Pig Korean BBQ serves alcohol, but beer and wine only.
La Mediterranee has vegan friendly options.
La Mediterranee has vegan friendly options.
Is there any parking by you?
There is onsite parking at the Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Downtown and costs $59 per day.
Does Bursa have TV?
Does Souvla offer happy hour?
Is alcohol served at the Ugly Duckling?
Is parking available at Um Ma Son?
Is there an age restriction to stay there?
What do you all offer for breakfast?
Can I get delivery service at Bac Lieu Restaurant?
Yes, I would like the phone number and address.
No, Foreign Cinema does not have TVs.
White Swan Inn offers an American, vegan, gluten-free, buffet breakfast.
ok sounds great uhhh do you have a confirmation number for that
Absolutely, Alamo Square is a park you can visit in that area.
Is it OK for me to bring my dog?
Daily housekeeping service is provided.
The challenge level of the trail at Lands End Lookout is moderate.
Pets are not allowed at the Dakota Hostel and Hotel.
I want to go to a beach in Sea Cliff
Do you offer a free breakfast?
Do you have any price range in mind?
What kind of parking is available at the site?
Free wi-fi is available throughout the Days Inn by Wyndham San Francisco Downtown/Civic Cntr Area.
Dragon Beaux accepts major credit cards.
No, Turner's Kitchen doesn't have free WiFi.
Do you allow smoking?
Do you allow smoking?
Pizza Hut Fen Ditton accepts credit cards as form of payment.
Marlowe is not good for kids.
University Arms Hotel has luggage storage service.
Air conditioning in rooms is available at Travelodge by Wyndham Presidio San Francisco.
City Centre North B and B does not provide daily housekeeping service.
How much does parking cost there?
How much does parking cost there?
You can park your car at Hotel Riu Plaza Fisherman's Wharf.
Oasis Cafe doesn't support Apple Pay as a payment method.
La Mar Cebicheria Peruana bike parking is available.
What time does check-in begin?
What is your parking like?
are you able to pick us up at the airport?
Jiangnan Cuisine does not have TV.
Is State Bird Provisions good for kids?
Yes, Bernal Heights Park offers bike parking.
Can I get take out orders from The Front Porch?
JCB, Diners Club, AMEX, Visa, and Mastercard are taken at Huntingdon Marriott Hotel.
Yes, there is bike parking at The Monk's Kettle.
No thanks, Do you have any Zoo's that are in the Lakeshore area?
Does the CBrenda's Meat & Three serve Alcohol?
Credit cards are accepted at Pizza Hut City Centre.
Can you tell me the zip code and address of the Welcome Center?
During the month of March. I am also wanting it to have some local flavor.
Sorry, but I need a Bike Rental and it can be anywhere in the City.
Does this hotel have fitness center?
Does Marufuku Ramen SF have vegan options?
This Hilton has a fitness center.
How does the Palace of Fine Arts sound to you? The address is 3601 Lyon Street and the phone number is (415) 886-1929.
What is the opening hours at Fort Point?
No, there is no lift at Hamilton Lodge.
There is street parking at Ramenwell.
Yes, Super Duper Burgers has outdoor seating.
I found Ferry Building Marketplace located in Embarcadero.
Does the LAN HONG HOUSE have high chairs for Babies?
Alpha Inn and Suites does not have any kitchens available for guests.
What payments are used at the Hotel Zephyr San Francisco?
Does Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen offer delivery?
Thai Time Restaurant does not accept Apple Pay.
Does Charlie Chan have halal options?
Travellers Best has high chairs.
That sounds interesting. What are their opening hours?
What parking options are available here?
Free WiFi is offered at Kensington Park Hotel.
Do you guys serve any alcohol?
Does the hotel serve breakfast?
Does the hotel serve breakfast?
The check-out time at Hotel Vitale, a Joie de Vivre is at 11:00 AM.
Is Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen good for kids?
The Gardenia does not have outdoor seating.
No, Besharam is not an ideal place for kids.
Marlowe does have happy hour.
Is Cocum dine-in only, or can I get something to go?
Do you have a smoking area?
Allenbell is a pet free facility.
Does your facility allow dogs?
Does your facility allow dogs?
Orchard Garden Hotel provide concierge service.
I want to go to an arcade in Fishermans Wharf
Clowns Cafe does not offer halal options.
Yes, Chubby Noodle currently offers outdoor seating.
The noise level at Shish Ke Baba is average.
A baggage storage service is available.
The Cable Car Hotel does not allow pets.
Can you guys do delivery?
Do you guys offer WiFi?
Do you guys offer WiFi?
Thanks. Can you tell me if there's a trail at Baker Beach?
Elevator Available.
ok thank you can i get the phone number and the address please
Gozu does not have TV.
Is there outdoor seating available at Sumac?
No, BYOB is not available at La Margherita.
The University Arms Hotel does have a lift.
Are you a multi language facility?
Yes, Oasis Inn offers baggage storage.
High chairs are available for babies at Shish Ke Baba.
Can groups come to Ramenwell?
Are vegetarian options available at Shushirrito?
credit cards are accepted.
Hello.  What time do you begin serving alcohol?
Is smoking permitted at El Shaddai?
Does Loch Fyne offer delivery?
La Taqueria has outdoor seats.
Does Golden Gate Hotel have concierge service?
Smoking is not allowed at Burma Love.
I am looking for outdoor seating, do I need a reservation?
They are open from 10 am to 5 pm on Friday through Sunday. Can I help with any more information?
Can I order take out?
Can I order take out?
Is smoking allowed at Deccan Spice?
Tartine Bakery & Cafe offers take-out ordering.
Travellers Rest does not offer take-out ordering.
definitely i'm finding one spot for mexican food it's called the taco shop at underdogs
There may be an additional fee for pets.
A Desi Cafe does not have WiFi.
The noise level at this establishment is average.
The noise level at this establishment is average.
This place does not offer delivery services.
great thank you so much and ummm while i've got you on the phone ummm also looking for a place to stay in the same area uhhh a hotel ummm around four four star hotel do you have anything
Do you have any accessible parking options for disabilities?
Are the rooms heated or air conditioned at JW Marriott San Francisco?
Free! It costs nothing.
Yes, Sugarhill Kitchen offers free wifi.
You don't need to make an advance reservation for parking at this property.
is there baggage storage?
How long does your front desk service stay open?
Sure, how does Pier 39 sound to you?
What parking does Tilak offer?
Is there outdoor seating at Hunan Home's Restaurant?
Can you park your car there?
Delicious Dim Sum does not serve alcohol.
Yes, Bursa is good for kids.
Am I able to pay with my room with my credit card?
Do you have a fitness center ?
Is Super Pan good for children?
Newkirk's is a good place for kids.
Is dry cleaning available here?
There are rooms for disabled guests.
Does Tanguito offer free WiFi?
Loving Hut does not accept reservations.
How can I park my car there?
There is no WiFi at the Cable Car - Powell/Mason Line.
Does La Tasca offer halal options?
Yes, this place has meeting and banquet rooms.
Is there a luggage storage service at Kensington Park Hotel?
What time does the live music start at Sitar Tandoori?
ok ummm can i book a table for six for tomorrow at seven thirty
What are the opening hours at Dolores Park?
No. Nopa does not have a TV.
Do you offer delivery service at Old Jerusalem Restaurant?
Does CURRY PRINCE is vegetarian friendly option?
can i byob at j restaurant?
Is Beit Rima offer the vegetarian options?
Pets are not allowed at all
That sounds great. Can I get their address and phone number?
the front desk at Travelodge by Wyndham Presidio San Francisco is open for 24 hours
Can I make a reservation at Mahal?
There's street parking and a private lot at Bernal Heights Park. Would you like to know anything else?
Ben Thai Cafe has vegan options available.
Do you have any gluten free options?
Do you have any gluten free options?
No security deposit is required.
Does W San Francisco provide luggage storage?
Does CAMBRIDGE LODGE RESTAURANT offer free WiFi?
Is a parking reservation required at Parker Guest House?
Does Roma Antica take reservations?
Mars Bar & Restaurant does not offer live music.
Hey, do you guy serve beer there?
I was wondering if you take Google Pay.
Does Pizza Hut Fen Ditton have parking available?
Bike parking is available at Boba Guys.
A Full English is included, and can do a lighter breakfast if arrangements are made in advance.
Is there anything with four stars with similar criterion.
ok no problem i actually find exactly one location with all those attributes and it's called swan oyster depot it's in nob hill area they serve seafood and they're moderately priced
Yes, Fayala is wheelchair accessible.
Google Pay is not accepted at Marnee Thai.
Marcella's Lasagneria does not have TV.
Dumpling Kitchen has vegan friendly options.
Is it a good idea to bring kids to your location?
Parking is available at the Carriage Inn and it is on site
oh thank you so much uhhh and i was also looking for a place to dine around the same area uhhh if uhhh if if that would provide seafood that would be amazing and maybe in moderate price range
Are there facilities like elevators for disabled guests?
Swan Oyster Depot is not accepting Google Pay.
What is the ambience of Shalimar?
let's do the uhhh regular holiday inn uhhh can you give me the zip code
Pets are not allowed at this Inn.
Motel 6 San Francisco Downtown provides daily housekeeping services.
Rooms offering disability access are available at Hotel Zephyr San Francisco.
The ambience of Warakubune Sushi is casual.
Can I make arrangements to bring my pet?
Happy Hour is not offered at Hard Knox Cafe.
Is your restaurant dog friendly?
SHANGHAI FAMILY RESTAURANT does not offer live music.
Yes you can park your bike at Truly Mediterranean.
What different languages are spoken at your inn?
Reservations are not required for parking.
Reservations are not required for parking.
Reservations are not required for parking.
Is Blue Barn Gourmet a good place to bring a group?
Yes, The Ritz-Carlton, San Francisco has lift.
What payment options do they accept?
Farm: Table does not have soy free options.
Yes, they are in the cheap price range. Would you like the address?
What is offered at Boudin Bakery & Cafe?
For an additional charge,  Inn at Union Square provides dry cleaning service.
Does Aria Korean Street Food have vegan friendly options?
Can I store my suitcase until check-in time?
Do you allow BYOB at your location?
Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant has an average noise level.
Do you provide a shuttle service?
Do you provide a shuttle service?
Do you provide a shuttle service?
Do you provide a shuttle service?
Do you provide a shuttle service?
Do you provide a shuttle service?
Do you provide a shuttle service?
Golden State Grill has TV.
This hotel does not allow pets.
Are there happy hour specials?
Wifi not available
No, Museum Of 3D Illusions is not by appointment only.
Yes, the front desk at this hotel is open 24 hours.
There is an onsite coffee shop, bar and restaurant at the Americania Hotel.
What payment does Corridor Restaurant accept?
Major debit and credit cards including Visa, Master Card, and American Express, also eVoucher, PayPal, and Visa CheckOut will be accepted at ticket machines. If you want to pay with cash, please visit the ticket office in your station.
El Shaddai offers free on-site private parking.
Falafelland is good for kids.
Can I park my car at Dragon Gate?
What type of cuisine are you most interested in?
Are babies and children allowed to stay here?
What language do staff at Hilton San Francisco Union Square speak?
Boba Guys accepts Google Pay.
Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen has street parking.
Are there TV's available to watch?
What languages do you support?
Does it take resravtions?
Craftsman and Wolves is wheelchair accessible.
No, Pizza Express Fen Ditton does not have high chairs available.
Paid WiFi. The resort fee include the WiFi
Does the MEZE BAR  have Car Parking?
No, but can you check and see if there is a bike rental establishment around?
Yes, Cityroomz offers free onsite parking.
Charges apply. According to one review parking cost $25 per night.
Yes the Travelodge by Wyndham by Fisherman's Wharf will the be the best option for you. Would you like me to book this motel for you?
ok cool i i wanna go to a park after ummm do you know if there's any parks in the same area
WiFi is free of charge to and is available in all areas.
Do you offer accessible parking here?
No smoking is allowed at Alexander Bed and Breakfast.
The ambience of Park Tavern is trendy and classy.
Can I bring my dog to Cable Car Museum?
No you cannot. There are no extra beds available.
IS there parking?
Does the La Taqueria good for Groups?
Does Thai Time Restaurant offer Happy Hour?
WiFi is free at the Inn at Union Square.
Both street parking and private lot parking are available at Marnee Thai.
Are kid options available there?
A reservation is not needed, but parking is not free.
Does Rajmahal offer wheelchair access?
Is Hops & Hominy a good place for kids?
Do you have a bar in your establishment?
Baggage storage Additional charge
Yes, this establishment is suitable for groups.
Does Peking Restaurant offer live music?
This restaurant has a casual ambience.
Is accessible parking available at the site?
Is accessible parking available at the site?
Yes, there is baggage storage.
There is no live music.
There is no live music.
Free Wifi is available at this Hyatt property
What type of credit cards are accepted here?
Are the rooms at the Luz Hotel heated?
Is there a lift at Lovell Lodge?
La Raza does not offer free wifi.
Yes, La Mimosa takes reservations.
Swan Oyster Depot is cash only.
hi there i'm planning on making a trip to san francisco i'm wondering if you could help me find a place to stay in union square like a hotel with two stars preferably in the moderate price range would you be able to help me with that
Charges may apply if you bring your pet.
Charges may apply if you bring your pet.
La Mediterranee has outdoor seating available.
Does the inn offer breakfast?
Parking reservations are not required at Limehouse.
Is there wireless internet available here?
Check out time at Orchard Hotel is noon.
Vegetarian foods is offered at Presidio Kebab.
WiFi is 10 GBP/Day at El Shaddai.
Check in time starts at 4:00 p.m.
Do you have any specific times you offer happy hour options?
GALLERIA does not have halal options.
Does Crepes on Cole have street parking?
I would like a cheap hotel, please
What kind of payment is offered?
Lyft may be used from Club Donatello.
daily housekeeping is offered at Four Seasons Hotel San Francisco
The Hayes Valley Inn does offer extra beds
Yes, does the hotel have private parking?
Parking is available at the Hotel Zelos San Francisco for 55 dollars per day.
Yes, Gourmet Burger Kitchen is wheelchair accesible.
Is there alcohol at Bizza?
What is the noise level at Brenda's Meat & Three?
The menu at Shanghai Family Restaurant does not have gluten free options.
The address is 749 Taylor Street and the phone number is (415) 673-3277. Can I get you any other information?
Only service animals are allowed inside.
Is there a bar and restaurant at the Hotel Zelos San Francisco?
Do you have take out available?
Cinderella Bakery & Cafe offer credit cards and Google play as payment options.
Vegetarian foods is served at Roam Artisan Burgers.
La Mediterranee does not have TV.
Is this place wheelchair accessible?
Is this place wheelchair accessible?
Yes, there is bike parking at Cordon Bleu.
Hello, is there take-out at your place?
On-site private parking is free at Lovell Lodge.
Can you give me their exact address please?
Hotel Du Vin and Bistro does not have vegetarian friendly options.
Takeout orders are accepted at Wagamama.
Is there a bar or restaurant onsite?
WiFi is free and available in all areas at the Travelodge by Wyndham San Francisco Central.
The address for Pier 33 is 31 San Francisco Pier 33 - Alcatraz Island 94124.
De Afghanan Kabob House does have high chairs.
The phone number is (415) 426-5220.
Is there concierge service at the White Swan Inn?
No they do not accept any Crypto, apple pay or google pay.
Yes, this business is wheelchair acessible.
No, Crepes on Cole does not take reservations.
May I know how much it costs to get in at Museum of 3D Illusions?
Does Zazie have a TV?
Hard Knox Cafe does not have soy free options.
Street and garage parking is available at Hinodeya Ramen Bar.
Does Tuba Authentic Turkish Restaurant have vegetarian food?
Nopalito is a good place for kids.
Cool Cravings has TV.
No outdoor seating is available at Lovejoy's Tea Room.
No, Mensho Tokyo does not offer delivery.
The ambience is casual, trendy and classy.
It is not specified if there's a room with disability access but they say that there are facilities for disabled guests.
Is there a swimming pool onsite at Hamilton Lodge?
How many people will be in your party so I can check a reservation at Gentilly?
Lands End Lookout is a place to go hiking in Sea Cliff. Would you like more information?
How much do you charge for WiFi?
Yes, Corridor Restaurant has free WiFi.
Yes, Civic Center Motor Inn has a concierge service.
Does Thai House Express have any alcoholic beverage in their drink menu?
Is Wifi free at HI San Francisco City Center Hostel?
No, TV is not available at Birdsong.
The Holiday Inn Express San Francisco-Union Square is a non smoking hotel and you can't smoke on the property
Yes, Bellota is good for groups.
Does Dakota Hostel and Hotel have any room with disability access?
What languages are spoken on site?
Crepes On Cole does not offer free WiFi.
Can I bring my dog with me?
Can I bring my dog with me?
Hotel Drisco does have a fitness center.
Yes, Meeting/Banquet Facilities are available with additional charge at Hilton Parc 55 Union Square, San Francisco.
Can you describe the ambiance of your restaurant in a few words?
No, True Laurel does not offer free WiFi.
Do you have a drive thru?
Do you have a drive thru?
Do you have a drive thru?
Is there anything gluten free there?
and i'd like to look for a place that's a good landmark to visit
Parking spots are available on a first come, first served basis. No reservation is available now.
of course it's nine four one three three and their address is two fifty beach street
The Fairmont San Francisco provides shuttle service from the airport.
Their phone number is (415) 655-7800.
Can I make reservations at Kim Son Vietnamese Restaurant?
Underdogs Too is perfect for group like customers.
Is there dry cleaning at the Good Hotel?
There are several. What star rating would you prefer?
Starbelly dress code is casual.
The ambience at  Alamo Square Seafood Grill is intimate and classy.
No, pets are not allowed at Civic Center Inn.
Is it first-come-first-serve or do you take reservations?
Parking costs $66.12 each day at this hotel.
Does La Mediterranee offer happy hour specials?
Does Franciscan Crab Restaurant offer delivery service?
sure that is four one five nine eight nine eight eight nine eight and their zip code is nine four one zero eight
I'm bringing a friend in a wheelchair. Is access available?
Are there dogs allowed at your location?
sure let me see which one's have
American Express, Visa, Mastercard, and Discover is available as payment options.
Does Rosa's Bed and Breakfast offer daily housekeeping service?
do you offer delivery
Are reservations needed for parking?
Are reservations needed for parking?
Is Cordon Bleu good for kids?
Is daily housekeeping service available?
Breakfast is available to buy at the property for 6 GBP per person
What is the dress code at The Presidio?
Deli Board accepts Apple Pay.
India House doe not offer live music.
No, they do not offer take-out ordering.
No, they do not offer take-out ordering.
No, they do not offer take-out ordering.
Outdoor seating is not available at Dragon Beaux.
What languages do you speak there?
What languages do you speak there?
Daily housekeeping service is provided at Holiday Inn Express San Francisco-Union Square.
I would consider that a visitor center, not a Local Flavor destination.
Is smoking permitted at Cityroomz?
The Amarena does not offer Google Pay options.
Do you have high chairs at Cote?
Cityroomz does not offer room service.
If a child is under 5, they get in for free. If they are 5 to 16 years old, they get a 50% discount.
Do you have wifi at your restaurant?
Gregangelo Museum is not wheelchair accessible.
Daily housekeeping is available at Hyatt Place San Francisco/Downtown.
What are the operating hours of The Cartoon Art Museum?
There is street parking at Papito Hayes.
Is there transportation provided?
The check-out time at Washington Square Inn is 11:00 AM.
Does Yale Hotel have fitness center or gym onsite?
Get me a hotel in Union Square.
is daily housekeeping available?
Breakfast options at the Allenbell include fruit juices, toast and choice of preserves, choice of breakfast cereals, Continental, or Full English.
Yes, TV is available at Fog Harbor Fish House.
Parking is available at Street for Dumpling Alley customers.
Kymmoy does not offer free WiFi.
Can my child complete check in alone?
private parking is available.
Yes, Turner's Kitchen is wheelchair accessible.
a mano ok ummm i'm meeting an old buddy from college and i i think he's in a wheelchair ummm is that wheelchair accessible
Are parking reservations required?
Yes, the Exploratorium After Dark accepts Apple Pay.
Hi, good evening. Can I get a delivery please?
The San Francisco Botanical Garden does not allow dogs.
You must be at least 18 years old to check-in at Days Inn by Wyndham San Francisco Downtown/Civic Cntr Area.
Is alcohol served at Shiraz Restaurant?
Does this site offer delivery service?
Does this site offer delivery service?
Does this site offer delivery service?
Does this site offer delivery service?
Does this site offer delivery service?
hello uhhh would you be able to help me find a place to go and see in nob hill
Thanks. By the way, what time does the Aquarium of the Bay open and close?
Alpha Inn and Suites is a cheap 2 star hotel in Marina, would you like to make a reservation?
Pets are not allowed at Presidio Parkway Inn.
Does Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine have vegan options?
Can I order delivery from Helmand Palace?
Nojo Ramen Tavern does not accept Cryptocurrency.
No Good Mong Kok Bakery doesn't offer happy hour.
Do you offer any free wi-fi?
Do you offer any free wi-fi?
Do you offer any free wi-fi?
Help me get a cheap motel in Marina.
Do you deliver foods?
let me check that for you. ok so unfortunately it says that is not good for groups here
The San Francisco Zoo is open from 10am to 5pm every day of the week.
Street parking is available for cars at Perilla.
Uncle Boy's offers take-out ordering.
The Acorn Guest House does not have any rooms with disablity access.
Does Napalito have any vegetarian options?
Hey, do you guys have TV available there?
yes. what is the cost of parking?
Can you describe the ambience of your restaurant?
Can I park at Leopold's?
Is smoking allowed at Bellota?
Parking costs GBP 14 per day.
Meghna does not have high chairs for babies.
do you have a TV
do you have a TV
Price doesn't really matter.
Sons & Daughters serves beer and wine only.
Before that, can I ask for their zip code?
The noise level at Sutro's at The Cliff House is average.
Yes, they have room service.
Is there parking for bikes there?
Is there parking for bikes there?
Yes, Farm : Table has vegan friendly options available.
No.The Halal Guys does not take reservations.
The Tacko restaurant is good for kids.
Does Rin's Thai Restaurant offer delivery?
Is there a TV at La Mar Cebicheria Peruana?
I have found several results. Which price range are you interested in?
Yes, Jake's Steaks offers take-out.
Yes, could you let me know whether it'll be possible to park my car at Dragon Gate?
Does The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen offer highchairs?
What is the cost of the wifi?
The restaurant accepts Credit Cards.
The restaurant accepts Credit Cards.
The restaurant accepts Credit Cards.
The restaurant accepts Credit Cards.
The restaurant accepts Credit Cards.
Free WiFi is available at the Hobsons House.
Does the Jasmine Garden have Car Parking?.
ummm is there anything four star range
Is your location wheelchair accessible?
Is your location wheelchair accessible?
Is your location wheelchair accessible?
Is your location wheelchair accessible?
Is your location wheelchair accessible?
Is your location wheelchair accessible?
Is your location wheelchair accessible?
What The Cluck does not allow dogs.
Yes, are you able to let me know whether I can park my bike at Golden Gate Bridge?
Hey, so what's the ambience like there?
Hinodeya Ramen Bar has a casual and trendy ambiance.
No dogs are allowed.
No dogs are allowed.
Can I order online for take-out?
Is Taboun a noisy restaurant?
Check-in time is from 1 pm until 7 pm at the El Shaddai.
Is luggage storage service provided by Noe's Nest Bed and Breakfast?
You cannot order alcohol at Rice House.
This hostel offers a shared kitchen for guests.
All rooms here have heating.
KoJa Kitchen is good for kids.
Is it possible to get delivery to my home?
Yes, this restaurant has high chairs for infants.
Cash and credit cards are accepted as payment options at Frascati.
La Margherita currently does not offer any Vegeterian options.
let me see here ok so it lists the attire as casual
What type of parking is available?
What type of parking is available?
What type of parking is available?
What type of parking is available?
What type of parking is available?
What type of parking is available?
What type of parking is available?
What type of parking is available?
What type of parking is available?
What type of parking is available?
What type of parking is available?
What type of parking is available?
What type of parking is available?
What type of parking is available?
What type of parking is available?
What type of parking is available?
What type of parking is available?
What type of parking is available?
What type of parking is available?
What type of parking is available?
What type of parking is available?
What type of parking is available?
What type of parking is available?
What type of parking is available?
What type of parking is available?
What type of parking is available?
What type of parking is available?
What type of parking is available?
What type of parking is available?
What type of parking is available?
What type of parking is available?
Does Shalimar accept Google Pay?
Great, now could you tell me whether there are parking options available at Ferry Building Marketplace?
Noise level is average at Brazen Head.
Is there WiFi at the Fitzgerald Hotel Union Square?
Rice Boat does not allow BYOB.
sure here it's being listed as a local flavor
Parking is available at Howard Johnson by Wyndham San Francisco Marina District.
Hi! I'm searching for a cheap, 2 star inn in Marina.
Are highchairs available for my toddler at the Hotel Du Vin and Bistro?
Guests must be at least 18 years old to check-in at Warkworth House.
Ebisu does not have TV.
No Dumpling Kitchen doesn't offer happy hour.
Is there bike parking at Nopalito?
Is there free cable?
A reservation is not needed for parking at the Inn at Union Square, A Greystone hotel
At Golden Gate Hotel parking is easily accessible. Parking is available on the opposite side of the hotel.
Is Super Duper Burgers vegan friendly?
credit cards are the only other option for the rice house.
How noisy is your place?
Does Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf sound good to you?
geary street and then the zip code
Can I get to-go at Great Mongolia Nomads Restaurant?
Does Zazie accept Google Pay?
Yes, Kimpton Sir Francis Drake Hotel provides room service.
Can I bring my own beer to Pizza Express?
The Alpha-Milton Guest House does not provide daily housekeeping service.
Does it offer a dry cleaning service for guests?
Yes, The Fairmont Heritage Place Ghiradelli Square has rooms with disability access.
Fitzbillies Restaurant does not serve alcohol.
Yes, it offers delivery.
Does City Lights Bookstore accept google pay?
And the address, please.
Room upgrade is available at The Willows Inn.
Sorry, the Mrs. Doubtfire House isn't wheelchair accessible.
Is Piccino a good restaurant for kids?
On-site parking is available for $68.40 per day at Hilton San Francisco Financial District hotel.
Are dry cleaning, or any type of laundry services offered by the hotel?
I'm wondering if I can bring kids to Sam Wo Restaurant?
Parking is not available on-site, but there is a parking garage nearby and street parking.
Live music is not offered at Eraina.
What forms of payment are accepted at the City Centre North B and B?
A La Turca Restaurant serve beer and wine only.
Hotel Riu Fisherman's Wharf offers breakfast options such as Bread, Pastries, Butter, Cheese, Cold meat and Eggs.
The accepted payment methods include: American Express, VISA, Diners Club, Discover and UnionPay.
Do you have delivery service available?
We have only iron facility here.
It has an average noise level.
How much is WiFi at the Inn San Francisco?
Do you have high chairs available?
Do you have high chairs available?
Do you have high chairs available?
Where is the Plaj Scandinavian Restaurant located?
No, there is no designated smoking area at Nob Hill Inn.
The zip code for that hotel is 94103 and their phone number is (415) 633-3000. Can I help you find anything else?
Take-out is not available here.
The Nob Hill Inn offers free WiFi.
Yes, the Italian Homemade Company does offer take-out ordering.
What are the breakfast options available at your location?
Truly Mediterranean accepts credit cards.
Shalimar accepts credit cards, but does accept google or apple pay.
No, there aren't Halal options at Lucky Pig, sorry!
ok hi ummm i was planning a trip to san francisco i wanted to request a place to go in nob hill that's a church ummm so uhhh can you look for that
Do you offer disability access rooms?
We accept Visa, mastercard, aestro, sold and switch.
Do you take Apple Pay or Google Pay?
Take out ordering is available at Ramenwell
How loud does it get at Kokkari Estiatorio?
Is Apple Pay accepted at Tony's Pizza Napoletana?
What is the check-out time at Hotel Boheme?
What about a hotel, do you have any of those?
Sounds perfect. What's the zip code there?
Are dogs allowed at Dragon Beaux?
BYOB is against policy at Yippee Noodle Bar.
Do you have halal offerings?
Yes, Papito Potrero Hill is a good restaurant for groups.
The check-in time is at 4:00 pm.
The check-out time at the Francisco Bay Inn is until 11:00 a.m.
American Express, MasterCard, and Visa are available payment options here.
Is McKinley Square Park Foundation wheelchair accessible?
WiFi is not available at Han II Kwan.
The Flyer - San Francisco accepts credit cards.
Is there parking available at Green Tortoise Hostel?
Continental breakfast is offered by Travelodge by Wyndham Presidio San Francisco.
Seven Hills is not good for groups.
Yes, baggage storage is provided at an additional charge.
Mars Bar & Restaurant offers free WiFi.
At Twin Peaks Hotel, a luggage storage service is provided.
Are reservations required at Troya?
Are meatless and vegan options available?
Are there any vegetarian options?
Does your hotel have an elevator?
Does your hotel have an elevator?
Does your hotel have an elevator?
Hotel Boheme is a 3 stars hotel, do you need additional info?
SF Plaza Hotel has shuttle services.
It has facilities for disabled guests at no additional charge
Pets aren't allowed in this hotel.
I'm sorry, but there are no beaches in Castro. Can I check a different area for you?
Where do I park at Kitava?
Are there concierge service offered?
Are there concierge service offered?
Are there concierge service offered?
Are there concierge service offered?
The Little Chihuahua has street parking.
what form of payment does The Fly Trap accept?
Is there dry cleaning?
Is it expensive?
The Club Quarters Hotel in San Francisco does offer a fitness center on site.
Is there a bar or restaurant onsite here?
What type of pay is accepted?
What type of pay is accepted?
do they accept apple pay?
do they accept apple pay?
Curry Queen offers take-out.
Yes, The Hotpot offers several parking options, including validated and street parking as well as free off-street parking.
Yes, daily housekeeping services are provided.
Taj Tandoori does not have halal options.
Does HK Fusion have free WiFi?
Does Cellarmaker House of Pizza have vegan friendly options?
Mangal Mediterranean Restaurant does not offer happy hour.
uhhh yeah what about other good places in in the city
Pizzeria Delfina - Pacific Heights does not have WiFi.
What breakfast options are offered?
The Marker San Francisco has a fitness center.
there is no high chairs avaiable here.
The Super Duper Burgers are good for kids.
Is Turner's Kitchen appropriate for kids?
Are you able to control temperatures in your room?
Does Hard Knox Cafe take reservations?
Does Roma Antica serve alcohol?
Does the A and B Guest House offer lift?
What kind of gluten options are avaiable?
dry cleaning is available at BEI Hotel San Francisco
Is this a good kid friendly option?
No. Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen does not allow to bring dogs.
Do you have a tv?
Does Arizmendi Bakery accept Apple pay?
Hey, can you tell me what the noise level is like there?
They are in the cheap price range and the address is 2026 Lombard Street.
Does Bellota have a TV?
Yes, Lao Table is wheelchair accessible.
Does this site have any gluten food?
Does this site have any gluten food?
Does this site have any gluten food?
Are there meeting or banquet facilities at Alexander Bed And Breakfast?
Are reservations required at Octavia?
Is this place a good spot for kids?
Rooms with disability access are available at Taj Campton Place.
Asian Box is considered good for kids.
No reservations are required for the free parking at Motel 6 San Francisco Downtown.
Do I need to make a reservation to park at your hotel?
No live music is offered at the Golden House.
Is there a spa onsite here?
Smoking is not allowed at Gonville Hotel.
FINCHES BED AND BREAKFAST does not provide dry cleaning service.
Is Burma Love wheelchair accessible?
Does Kung Food accept Apple Pay?
Can I order take-out at Kitchen Istanbul?
Karaweik Burmese Cuisine accepts credit cards.
Are the rooms individually heated and cooled?
sure their price range is also moderate
Does Great Mongolia Nomads Restaurant take reservations?
Can I bring my kids?
Can I bring my kids?
Can I bring my kids?
Can I bring my kids?
Can I bring my kids?
There is no restaurant onsite at El Shaddai.
What is the address for Alamo Square?
Sushirrito offers delivery service.
There is shuttle service
Continental and American breakfast are available at W San Francisco.
Must I make an appointment?
Yes KoJa Kitchen have TV.
May I suggest the Corridor Restaurant for you?
Is there parking at Hot Sauce and Panko?
Unfortunately there are no public markets in North Beach.
Unfortunately there are no expensive Mediterranean restaurants in Bernal Heights. Would you like to try a different area?
Does Seven Hills accept Cryptocurrency?
Parking at the Civic Center Motor Inn costs $11.40 per day.
Yes, De Luca Cucina and Bar has gluten free options available.
What is the noise level at Fable?
do you know of any 4 star hotels in fisherman's wharf
Is outdoor seating offered at The Monk's Kettle?
Does the Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine have take-out ordering?.
Delicious Dim Sum does not offer high chairs.
Delivery is available at Rusty's Southern.
Do you have a fitness room?
sure let me check on that it looks like. they are not by appointment only so you are good to visit
Is Wifi available?
Is Wifi available?
Visa, Master Card, American Express, Discover,  Jcb, Maestro, carte Blanche
Is there room for a larger group at Tselogs?
Dogs are not allowed at Franciscan Crab Restaurant.
There is no restaurant or bar onsite at the Bridge Guest House.
Yes, Mars Bar & Restaurant is good for groups.
Garage and street parking are available at Little Gem.
Do you guys have outdoor seats?
Certainly. The zip code is 94108.
Yes, can you find me a restaurant that serves Kebab food?
Will my kids like it?
Will my kids like it?
Can you let me know if Picaro has on street parking?
No. Proposition Chicken does not have a TV.
The Torpedo Wharf is not have any available bike parking.
There are no 2 star hotels in the moderate price range, Kimpton is 3 stars, would that be acceptable?
Reservations are accepted at Plain Jane.
Is the front desk open 24 hours at the Fairmont San Francisco?
Check-out time is from 9:00 AM to 11:00 AM.
Is there airport drop off service?
Parking is not available at the Cathedral of Saint Mary of the Assumption.
Does Lands End Lookout offer free WiFi?
Is there a restaurant in the hotel?
Can I use my wheelchair there?"
Does Shiraz Restaurant have vegetarian items for diners?
What is the typical noise level there?
Sure. The phone number is (415) 863-2909
I want a 4 star hotel in Fisherman's Wharf
The Hampton Inn San Francisco does provide heating.
Yes, each room is heated
Can we have an extra bed?
What time is check-in at Avalon?
Is parking available at the Fairmont San Francisco location?
What are your rules for smoking at the Green Totoise Hotel ?
An elevator is available for the SF Plaza Hotel.
Does Bite have vegan friendly options?
What types of payment do you accept?
What types of payment do you accept?
Does the hotel have any meeting facility?
Which languages are spoken at Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge?
The Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen is not good for groups.
Do you offer bike parking?
Do you offer bike parking?
Check-out time at the Kensington Park Hotel is at 12:00 P.M.
The WiFi at SF Plaza Hotel is free of charge.
No, Exploratorium After Dark does not accept cryptocurrency.
Yes they offer takeout as an option.
Is there a security deposit required at Home from Home?
Is there an onsite spa at Worth House?
Do I have to buy reservation for park?
Does CatHead's BBQ take credit cards?
Does housekeeping come every day?
Is alcohol served at MaMa Ji's?
They offer a continental breakfast for $6 per person
Is it moderately priced?
Can I make a reservation for 8 people?
Yes parking is available
One of the services that Twin Peaks Hotel provides is daily housekeeping.
I found Andrews Hotel. It has a three star rating. Are you interested in more details about this?
What are the parking options for the Hilton SF Financial District?
Do you have lift service?
Aria Korean Street Food does not have happy hour.
Do you offer eat in only?
Is there takeout offered?
Major credit cards are accepted at Cote.
Express By Holiday Inn Cambridge does not provide dry cleaning service.
Take-out order is available at Super Duper Burgers.
Does The Italian Homemade Company offer delivery?
What are the operating hours of the front desk?
Hey, does Cordon Bleu accept Google Pay?
CatHead's BBQ takes credit cards.
Hi, I'd just like to find out if pets are allowed there.
The Flying Falafel does not accept Cryptocurrency.
There is no daily housekeeping service at Limehouse.
Birdsong accepts credit cards.
3 Language (English,Hindi,Filipino) are spoken at  Warfield Hotel.
Is there any housekeeping?
Hi, what kind of alcohol do you guys serve there?
Dry cleaning is available for an additional charge at the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel.
Yes, Efes Restaurant has take-out ordering.
Orchard Garden Hotel does provide luggage storage.
When is housekeeping everyday?
Does your establishment have bike parking?
Do you know if they have any parking facility?
Zizzi Cambridge does not offer outdoor seating.
What languages do your staff speak?
What languages do your staff speak?
What languages do your staff speak?
What languages do your staff speak?
Yes, Super Pan is wheelchair accessible.
i want someplace with 4 stars.
What time is check-out at Aida Plaza Hotel?
Parking is available onsite for a daily fee.
Pets are not allowed to stay at The Suites at Fisherman's Wharf.
The Saffron Brasserie accepts Mastercard, Visa and American Express.
Hogwash does offer take-out ordering.
Street parking is available for cars at Jin Mi Korean Cuisine.
USD $68 is the cost for parking at Taj Campton Place.
No, only indoor seating is available at Burma Love.
Nope, no TVs at the Swan Oyster Depot. Only swans. And oysters.
Hi, can you let me know the hours of your front desk?
Chiquito Restaurant Bar does not offer delivery service.
Can you eat outside at La Tasca?
The Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen does offer free WiFi.
Nandos City Centre does not offer delivery.
Is there anywhere for me to park my bike?
Is there anywhere for me to park my bike?
You have to pay GBP 50 per night as a non-refundable security deposit
Guests are not required to pay a security deposit at the Bay Bridge Inn San Francisco.
Does Pizza Hut City Centre have free WiFi?
Is Belden Place good for kids?
Do you have maid service?
BYOB is not available at PIZZA EXPRESS.
The front desk is open 24 hours at Holiday Inn Express San Francisco-Union Square.
Alexander's Steakhouse is not appointment-only.
No, Anchor Oyster Bar does not have Happy Hour.
There's no entrance fee at Fort Point.
There is not any restaurant or bar onsite at A and B Guest House.
Yes, I'm looking for lodging and dining and an Amusement Park of some sort in Fisherman's Wharf, San Francisco.
Helmand Palace does not offer free Wifi.
Do you offer any discounts for children?
Does the Pier Market Seafood Restaurant have delivery service?
Can I get wifi there?
Extra beds are not offered at Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf.
Does the Phoenix Hotel offer meeting or banquet facilities?
Does Jiangnan Cuisine have TV?
Is parking available at Brenda's French Soul Food?
Does InterContinental San Franisco have room service?
Is Golden State Grill good for groups?
Piccino does not have a TV.
Hey, do you guys take credit cards there?
Check-in time is 3:00p or later.
Is Japantown a good place to bring kids?
Are there any halal options?
Are there any halal options?
Does Restaurant Two Two offer delivery?
The Monk's Kettle does not accept Apple Pay.
Yes, Tselogs accepts Apple Pay.
Kim Son Vietnamese Restaurant does not offer delivery service.
When is check-in time at Buena Vista Motor Inn?
are there any onsite restaurants?
Picaro serves only beer and wine.
Reservations are required for private parking at Hobsons House.
Taboun does have outdoor seats.
Show me somewhere I can stay in north beach with a moderate price range.
The Cathedral of Saint Mary of the Assumption is a popular attraction in Fillmore. Would you like more information about it?
The ambience of Franciscan Crab Restaurant is touristy, yet classy.
There are no parking reservations available
Does The Flying Falafel have a happy hour?
Garage parking is available, as well as street parking.
hi ummm could you give me a list of famous landmarks in the lower pacific heights area
There is no safety deposit box at the rooms at Aylesbray Lodge Guest House.
Piccino does have high chairs available for babies.
What is the ambience there? I'm looking for a lively place.
Bike parking is not available at Delicious Dim Sum.
A full refund with no fee is available for a delayed or cancelled train, otherwise there is a fee of 12 GBP.
No, Alexander's Steakhouse does not have outdoor seats.
Check-out time at Hyatt Centric Fisherman's Wharf San Francisco is 11:00 am.
Does Hobsons House have concierge service?
Mahal of Cambridge does not offer take out ordering.
Is there TV service at Jake's Steaks?
Yes, Amarena does have vegan options.
ok uhhh can i get the address and phone number of that place
a concierge is available at HI San Francisco City Center Hostel
Can you accommodate larger groups of people?
Limehouse requires a person with minimum 18 years of age to check-in.
Gonville Hotel provides rooms service.
Can I park my car at Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen?
Does Cathead's BBQ take reservations?
Does Bellota have a full bar?
What are the business hours of Ferry Building Marketplace?
Private parking can be arranged for an additional charge.
When can I check in?
Do your rooms have heat?
The Rotunda does not allow you to bring dogs.
Credit cards are accepted at Nourish Cafe.  Apple Pay, google pay and cryptocurrency are not accepted.
The noise level at Zuni Cafe is average.
Does your restaurant accept reservations?
Does your restaurant accept reservations?
Does your restaurant accept reservations?
Does your restaurant accept reservations?
Does your restaurant accept reservations?
Does your restaurant accept reservations?
Does your restaurant accept reservations?
Does your restaurant accept reservations?
Does your restaurant accept reservations?
Does your restaurant accept reservations?
Does your restaurant accept reservations?
Do you all have onsite dry cleaning?
Do you all have onsite dry cleaning?
Can I also get the ZIP Code?
Sorry, it is not available with that criteria.
Sorry, there are no aquariums in this area. Would you like to try a different attraction or area?
The Marlowe does not accept Google Pay.
Can you accommodate guests in wheelchairs?
Can you accommodate guests in wheelchairs?
Yes, free WiFi is available at Asian Box.
How much is the WiFi at Chateau Tivoli Bed and Breakfast?
the ambiance at What The Cluck includes Hipster, Casual, Trendy, Classy
This restaurant offers a trendy, casual, classy atmosphere.
What is the opening hours at Gregangelo Museum?
Unfortunately there is nothing that matches that criteria.
hi i'm i'm calling to see uhhh about a trip to san francisco ummm i was looking for a place uhhh a hotel in union square in the moderate price range with four stars
They do provide meeting facilities
Presidio Parkway Inn has disability access rooms.
The Lucky Pig is wheelchair accessible.
The Argonaut Hotel, a Noble House Hotel provides dry cleaning services for an additional charge.
Yes, there is onsite parking at ASK, as well as validated street parking.
Do you take personal checks?
WiFi is available in all areas and costs USD 10 per 24 hours
Valet and street parking are available at Aziza.
Does the Uno Dos Tacos offer take-out ordering?
Yes, dogs are allowed at Seward Street Slides.
Boudin Bakery & Cafe offers bike parking.
Does Bay Subs & Deli serve french fries?
Yes, there is daily housekeeping service at the Hayes Valley Inn.
Roam Artisan Burgers has outdoor seating.
No delivery service at Farm:Table.
Is Google Pay taken at Bite?
I was wondering what time check in was.
Berber has a classy ambiance.
Umami Burger Soma District has outdoor seats.
Tang Chinese does not offer live music as entertainment option.
Does Mount Davidson Park allow dogs?
The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel has a concierge service.
Yes, their rooms do provide heating.
Panahar is not wheelchair accessible.
The Alembic does include street parking.
No wheelchair access is available.
There is no onsite parking at the Adelaide Hostel, parking has to be offsite.
Yes, Frascati does take reservations.
Is there air conditioning in the rooms at Howard Johnson by Wyndham San Francisco Marina District?
Thanks! Do I need to pay any admission fee for the Welcome Center?
Yes, there is wifi and it is free.
Hotel Boheme does not offer extra beds.
What payment options does Michaelhouse Cafe offer?
How does Four Seasons Hotel San Francisco sound to you?
All credit cards will be taken by Kymmoy.
ok no problem so i'm finding just one location it's a little expensive if that's all right it's called fairmont of san francisco
Do you have a gluten-free menu?
Daily housekeeping is not available here.
Do you have credit ?
ok that's no problem and while i have you on the phone maybe you can help me find a place to stay as well uhhh still looking in the mission area something maybe with a three star rating and cheap would be better than expensive
No, there is no smoking area available.
Does Morty's Delicatessen serve any alcohol?
No, Pizza Hut Fen Ditton does no offer live music.
The noise level is typically average at Manna.
Is it a good place for groups of people?
Will I be able to use a kitchen when I stay here?
Will I be able to use a kitchen when I stay here?
The ambience of True Laurel is casual and classy.
Smoking is not allowed at Tony's Pizza Napoletana.
The Howard Johnson by Wyndham San Francisco Marina District does provide room service.
What's the mood of the restaurant?
Ambience is casual classy.
Slice House Haight by Tony Gemignani does not serve alcohol.
We have free private, secured parking on the hotel's site.
Can I bring my dog to Rooster & Rice?
Is room service available there?
Are there daily housekeeping service available?
Are there daily housekeeping service available?
Are there daily housekeeping service available?
Are there daily housekeeping service available?
Are there daily housekeeping service available?
Are there daily housekeeping service available?
Are there daily housekeeping service available?
Are there daily housekeeping service available?
No. Saru Sushi Bar does not take reservations.
An elevator is included at Buena Vista Motor Inn.
Bikes can be parked at Ina Coolbrith Park.
Do they have housekeeping service at White Swan Inn?
Where do you park at Tselogs?
Europa Hostel guests can check out from 12.00 AM till 11.00 AM.
Yes, the Taj Campton Place has a designated smoking area.
Is the front desk open late?
Is the front desk open late?
Is the front desk open late?
No, Starbelly doesn't allow dogs.
Are your rooms handicapped accessible?
Harbor Court Hotel is a smoke-free property with non-smoking rooms.
Can my ticket be picked up by someone else if needed?
Yes, Nick's Crispy Tacos offers happy hour.
Swan Oyster Depot has bike parking.
No, Basa Seafood Express does not have TV.
Kitchen Istanbul offers bike parking.
Check-in is 3 pm at the Bel Air Hotel.
Lucky Pig does not have TV.
Can I bring my dog?
Can I bring my dog?
Can I bring my dog?
Can I bring my dog?
Can I bring my dog?
Can I bring my dog?
Can I bring my dog?
Can I bring my dog?
Can I bring my dog?
Can I bring my dog?
Can I bring my dog?
Can I bring my dog?
Can I bring my dog?
Can I bring my dog?
Can I bring my dog?
Can I bring my dog?
Can I make take out orders?
Are there any restaurants on site?
Are there any restaurants on site?
Can I bring my dog with me to your location?
Clowns Cafe does not offer gluten free options.
Is there free WIFI?
Is there free WIFI?
Noise level is average at Saffron 685.
Parking is only available at Steet for Super Duper Burgers' customers.
BYOB is not possible at The Oak Bistro.
Do I have to pay for parking?
Do I have to pay for parking?
Do I have to pay for parking?
Are there places to eat on site?
Noise level is quiet at Jin's Thai Restaurant.
The front desk is open for guest 24 hrs a day
What is the noise level at Sessions at the Presidio?
Is your front desk available 24 hours?
WiFi is offered free of charge to all guests at the Golden Gate Hotel.
There is not free WiFi at the Golden House.
Is there an elevator in the Orchard Hotel ?
Is there a front desk?
Can I park bike at Perilla?
Is your restaurant family-friendly?
How much does it cost to use the wifi?
Cool Cravings is a good place to bring kids.
Yes, Kin Khao has vegan options available.
Do you have any bars or restaurants onsite?
I have the Golden Gate Hotel and the Cornell Hotel de France . It is in the moderate price range. Would you like more information?
How about a park in the Alamo Square area?
Does Zuni Cafe offer free WiFi?
Is this restaurant easily wheelchair accessible?
A Mano does not offer delivery service.
What kind of parking do you have there?
Is Karaweik Burmese Cuisine wheelchair accessible?
Does Sugarhill Kitchen have high chairs available for babies?
GOURMET BURGER KITCHEN does not offer delivery services.
What is the fare of the cable car?
Do you guys have access to wheelchairs?
The Plain Jane does offer free WiFi.
Does Perilla offer free WiFi?
Does Perilla offer free WiFi?
Yes, Apple Pay is accepted here.
Ramenwell does accept reservations.
How can I dry clean some clothes while I'm there?
Am I able to bring my pet to Orchard Garden Hotel?
Accessible parking is not available here.
Accessible parking is not available here.
What payment options are accepted at Aylesbray Lodge Guest House?
ok let's stay in that same area and let's uhhh go for the moderate price range
Californios is classy with a Romantic,  Intimate feel.
MaMa Ji's does have vegan friendly options.
I am trying to find an attraction in North Beach/Telegraph Hill.
oh ok i guess i can just check for myself ummm and uhhh last iS i'm looking also for an expensive place to eat at that's also in the same area
Hi. I'm looking for a zoo or park in Sherwood Forest, San Francisco.
Hello. How are you? I was wondering if you offer extra beds?
Does Good Mong Kok Bakery serve alcohol?
Does Bulgara offer outdoor seating options?
COTE does not offer delivery service.
Yes, bike parking is available at Cupid's Span.
Check out time at the Yale Hotel is 11:30 am
Does Bite take reservations?
The ambience is casual, trendy.
Do you have meeting or banquet facilities there?
What is the check-in time at your facility?
Is outdoor seating offered at Delicious Dim Sum?
Are there any gluten free options here?
Average noise level at Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar.
The Axiom Hotel offers room service.
Does THE SLUG AND LETTUCE have high chairs available?
Are there gluten free dishes at your restaurant?
Does the Mahal of Cambridge have outdoor seating?
How much is parking at your location?
The Hotel Spero has daily housekeeping service
What is the minimum age for check-in?
What is the minimum age for check-in?
Can I make a reservation at Charlie Chan?
What is the dress code at Cool Cravings?
In which zip code is Madame Tussauds located?
Yes, this restaurant carries vegan options.
Is there WiFi available at Saru Sushi Bar?
Can I pick up my order from Grubbin' through the drive thru?
Do you have extra beds?
Outdoor seating is not available at Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine.
There are three: Municipal Pier, Palace Of Fine Arts, and Wave Organ. Would you like to learn more about any of these?
There are no designated smoking areas at Hotel Griffon.
Do you require a safety deposit?
The Cambridge Chop House does not offer halal options.
Nourish Cafe does not have a happy hour.
Check-in is between 4 and 7 pm.
There is no outdoor seating available here.
The restaurant does not accept reservations at this time.
There is an on-site fitness facility at the Hyatt Place San Francisco/Downtown.
Nick's Crispy Tacos accepts only cash, checks or Levelup.
Are dogs allowed at Cotogna?
MAHARAJAH TANDOORI RESTAURANT does not offer halal options.
Is the restaurant good for groups of people?
Yes I would like the address.
No, Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge doesn't offer room service.
Hey, what kind of alcohol do you guys serve there?
Does Mangal Mediterranean Restaurant have outdoor seating?
Do you have high chairs for babies?
Do you have high chairs for babies?
Street parking is available for cars at Jiangnan Cuisine.
Is there an onsite spa at Limehouse?
Bizza accepts Apple Pay.
The payment options for Tanguito is cash only.
Does Papito Hayes provide WiFi?
Check in time at the Harbor Court Hotel is 3:00pm
No, I want 4 stars ones.
No, they don't take reservations at this restaurant.
are you kid friendly
are you kid friendly
are you kid friendly
are you kid friendly
are you kid friendly
are you kid friendly
Tacko does have vegan friendly options.
The rooms at The Marker San Francisco are heated
Does State Bird Provisions offer delivery service?
There are 24 hotels with 3 stars in Union Square, what price range would you like?
Is this restaurant child friendly?
Do you have a bar in your restaurant?
There are nonsmoking throughout the hotel
Are there any admission fees at Alamo Square?
There are no vegan friendly options at Aria Korean Street Food.
Drive-thru service is not available at Kasa Indian Eatery.
The parking fee will vary by station, check with your local station onsite.
Do you allow smoking anywhere?
I want to see a landmark in Presidio
Is there shuttle service at Rosa's Bed and Breakfast?
THE NIRALA does not offer delivery services.
Francisco Bay Inn does not provide daily housekeeping service.
Can you re-run the search for an expensive hotel?
Newkirk's does serve alcohol in the form of beer & wine only.
WiFi is free at Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Downtown/Van Ness Ave.
Can I get my room cleaned every day?
Avalon does not offer daily housekeeping services.
Yes, for sure. Specifically, can you tell me when the check-in time is?
How much is the parking at the hotel?
Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen accepts credit cards.
No, Kitava does not accept Cryptocurrency.
What are the hours for the front desk at Travelodge by Wyndham San Francisco Central?
there is no mention of a fitness center
Dry cleaning is available at Laurel Inn, a Joie de Vivre Hotel.
Does your restaurant offer delivery?
Does your restaurant offer delivery?
Is there an airport shuttle?
Hey, good afternoon. I wanted to find out if you guys offer free WiFi.
Can you find me a place that has 2 stars, and if that's not available, then 3 stars?
Is live music offered at The Golden Curry?
Does Souvla accept Apple Pay?
Does your restaurant offer halal menu options?
The Sons & Daughters does not allow dogs.
Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine has street parking.
Does Gozu serve alcohol?
of course that is one j. m. h. z. nine
Great, could you inform me what the opening hours are at Fort Point?
Breakfast at Allenbell is free when you book a room.
Golden State Grill offers street parking.
Can I bring my own bottle of wine to Wagamama?
Yes, Ramenwell has free WiFi.
Bike parking is available at The Italian Homemade Company.
Bike parking is available at The Italian Homemade Company.
Do you have Halal options?
Does THE RIVER BAR STEAKHOUSE AND GRILL offer delivery services?
Yes, can you tell me their address and phone number?
Are there any shuttle service ?
Bon, Nene has an average noise level.
English and Spanish are spoken at the Nob Hill Hotel.
San Francisco Botanical Garden does not offer free WiFi.
What time is the checkout at El Shaddai?
Yes, luggage storage is available at Galleria Park, a Joie de Vivre Hotel
Mission Dolores Basilica/San Francisco de Asis is appropriate for children.
ok sure let me see what i can find for you ok there a few options here but one that is quite popular it's called the green tortoise hostel
Does the Ben Thai Cafe accept Apple Pay?
Does the Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine accept Apple Pay?
94109 is the zip code.
El Shaddai does not have an onsite swimming pool.
The ambiance of Souvla is hipster and casual.
You can park at La Tasca.
Are dry cleaning service available?
a concierge service is available at Hyatt Centric Fisherman's Wharf San Francisco
Does Pipasha Restaurant have a wheelchair ramp?
Hello. Can you suggest a Local Flavor attraction in the Financial District?
Does El Farolito have happy hour specials?
No, Yu Garden doesn't have high chairs.
Parking is available at Good Hotel.
Aria Korean Street Food is not considered good for kids.
Is your restaurant kid-friendly?
Is your restaurant kid-friendly?
Is your restaurant kid-friendly?
Is your restaurant kid-friendly?
How about Carriage Inn?
Kokkari Estiatorio has garage, street and private parking.
What languages are spoken at Hayes Valley Inn?
We don't take reservations at that time.
Do you offer dry cleaning or laundry services?
Is there a TV available?
HK Fusion does not offer gluten free options.
Does the THE CAMBRIDGE CHOP HOUSE offer take-out ordering?
What languages are spoken by your staff?
What are the payment options for Hotel Griffon?
Can I confirm the zip code so I know it's in the correct location?
Hey do you guys have any vegan dishes there?
Parking is offered at The Missing Rock.
Parking is available at Bloomsbury Restaurant.
Do you have a place for me to park my bike?
Do you have a place for me to park my bike?
B on the Go accepts google pay.
No reservation is needed for parking at University Club of San Francisco.
Hey, do you guys do take-out?
Is Mission Dolores Basilica/San Francisco de Asis wheelchair accessible?
there are no beaches in twin peaks
Can we bring in our own bottle of wine at the ugly duckling?
How much does it cost to park?
Does The Lucky Star have any gluten free options?
There are no designated smoking areas at Pacific Heights Inn by Magnuson Worldwide.
Takara Sushi does offer delivery service.
CITY CENTRE NORTH B AND B does not have any meeting or banquet facilities.
Is there wifi available?
Is there wifi available?
Is there wifi available?
Is there wifi available?
Can I request extra beds?
Yes, you can park at Hotel Zelos San Francisco as there is free private parking available.
No, Shanghai Family Restaurant doesn't offer a BYOB option.
Sorry, Crepes On Cole isn't wheelchair accessible.
Delivery service is not provided.
Can I reserve a parking space?
Is Octavia wheelchair accesible?
Can I place an order for takeout?
Can I place an order for takeout?
Is parking available at Seward Street Slides?
yes the Hyatt Place has a lift.
Are any gluten free foods on the menu?
They accept American Express, Visa, Master Card, Diners Club, JCB, Discover, Carte Blanche, and UnionPay
What are the opening hours of City Lights Bookstore?
Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge accepts Maestro, Mastercard, Visa, American Express, Diners Club, and JCB
Yes, Aha Fresh has high chairs.
Does the RIVERSIDE BRASSERIE offer Free Wifi?
The address is Grant Ave And Bush St and the zip code is 94108.
Yes, luggage service is included with the package.
Does Alpha Inn and Suites have fitness center or gym onsite?
Reservations are not needed for the nearby parking facility.
You must be at least 18 years of age to check-in.
Hi, can you please help find a place to go out in the city?
I am going to San Francisco, can you find me a place to stay in the Japantown area in the moderate price range and at least a 3 star??
Hey, are you guys good for watching the games at?
Stix does not have outdoor seating.
Can I use Apple Pay at Piccino?
Pet is now allowed at the hotel.
Pet is now allowed at the hotel.
Is Martin Luther King Jr Memorial wheelchair accessible?
Yes, extra beds for available, at the Wharfs Inn, are available by request for $15 USD per person.
There is free WiFi available in the hotel rooms at the SF Plaza Hotel.
No, Brenda's does not accept Google Pay.
Can you BYOB at Loch Fyne?
The noise level is average at Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine.
The ambience of Frisco Fried is considered casual.
Does DragonEats have bike parking?
can you tell me about somewhere nice to stay near Union square
Hi, can one order delivery from you guys?
Are there safety deposit boxes available at Arbury Lodge Guesthouse?
What kind of restaurant is this?
Is there any parking at Tony's Pizza Napoletana?
Opa Cafe is kid friendly.
How noisy is the restaurant?
The front desk at Hayes Valley Inn is open 24 hours.
yes they have vegan options
What is the ambience at Frisco Fried?
Will there be alcohol available there?
Will there be alcohol available there?
Will there be alcohol available there?
Will there be alcohol available there?
No, the Copper Kettle does not offer take-out ordering.
Do you provide smoking areas?
Accessible parking is not available at Warfield Hotel.
Is Apple Pay accepted at Aria Korean Street Food?
hi uhhh i was planning a trip to san francisco and i was looking for a hotel near union square something that would have four stars but kind of in the expensive price range
In the way of alcoholic beverages, Pizzeria Delfina - Pacific Heights sells only wine and beer.
Can I have a roll away bed brought into my room?
Does Alexander Bed and Breakfast offer accessibility to the disabled?
Is there WiFi at the Rooster and Rice?
Dry cleaning services are offered to guests for an additional charge.
no they do not have outdoor seating
Yes, they provide a shuttle to the airport.
Rooms are available with bathroom grab rails and wheelchair accessibility
Private parking is available on-site for $50 per day.
The opening hours of Twin Peaks is every day from 5:00 am to 12:00 am.
how much is WiFi for guests?
Does Thanh Binh have high chairs available for babies?
Does this site have restaurant available?
Does the The Front Porch have high chairs for Kids?
Take out ordering is offered at Picaro.
Can I pay my check with Apple Pay?
Can you order take-out?
what is on the breakfast menu?
Yes, there is a safety deposit box in the room.
Does Walt Disney Family Museum allow dogs?
No, Old Jerusalem Restaurant does not offer a happy hour.
Hobsons House does not have 24 hour front desk service.
Is there a self-laundry service here?
There are no Halal options at The Copper Kettle.
Check-out time is until 12pm.
What is the ambience of True Laurel?
A 50% non-refundable security deposit is required to stay at The Cambridge Belfry.
Good Hotel has a fitness center on site
What payment methods can I use at Hotel Bijou?
Yes, the SF Plaza Hotel has a parking gargage.
12:00 PM is the check-out time for guests at Motel 6 San Francisco Downtown.
Is the place wheelchair accessible?
Ali Baba does not have wheel chair accessibility.
Yes there are vegetarian options available.
What time does the San Francisco Botanical Garden open and close each day?
Sure, their address is 752 Jackson St
No, Nopa doesn't have outdoor seating.
Yes, Curry Queen serves alcohol.
I don't have a preference for that.
Do you take Google Pay?
Do you take Google Pay?
Do you take Google Pay?
Do you take Google Pay?
Do you take Google Pay?
Do you take Google Pay?
Do you take Google Pay?
Do you take Google Pay?
Do you take Google Pay?
Do you take Google Pay?
Do you take Google Pay?
Do you take Google Pay?
Do you take Google Pay?
Do you take Google Pay?
Do you take Google Pay?
Do you take Google Pay?
What type of things are at Arizmendi Bakery?
Hello will the big game be streaming at Kin Khao?
Are you able to deliver a local order?
Nopa accepts cash and credit cards.
Do you charge for Wifi?
Thanks. Is there bike parking at Ina Coolbrith Park?
Actually, I'd like to go ahead and book a table for 9 on Tuesday at 6pm.
I was not able to find any results for that area. Would you like to do another search?
Yes they have accessible parking and a parking garage.
Is a reservation needed to park at Hotel Zelos San Francisco?
D you offer any Halal meals?
What is the ambience at Golden State Grill?
Is there any smoking section at this property?
The check-in time at this hotel is 3:00pm.
No, Old Jerusalem Restaurant does not serve alcohol.
Are extra beds offered at Hotel Sunrise?
Are there gluten free options available?
Dogs are not Allowed at the Marnee Thai
hi i'm looking for places to visit in presidio that have local flavor
The check-in time at Lovell Lodge is between 16:00 to 19:00.
Free parking allowed
What languages are spoken there?
What languages are spoken there?
What languages are spoken there?
What languages are spoken there?
What languages are spoken there?
What languages are spoken there?
What languages are spoken there?
What languages are spoken there?
What languages are spoken there?
There is a designated smoking area at Kimpton Buchanan Hotel
The ambience of Pho Huynh Hiep 2 - Kevin's Noodle House is casual.
Yes, each room has 24 hour room service available.
Craftsman and Wolves does offer take-out ordering.
Vegetarian food is served at Pacific Cafe.
You cannot park your car at at Clarion Alley.
The Bistro At The Cliff House is a nice choice.
The Italian Homemade Company does not take reservations
There is free public parking on site and a reservation is not possible.
Signature San Francisco accepts American Express, Visa, MasterCard, Diners Club International, JCB and Discover cards.
Sorry, there are no Inns fitting those specifics. How else may I help you?
Does The Alembic accept Cryptocurrency?
The restaurant SF Honey Pig Korean BBQ does offer food delivery.
You must be at least 18 years old to check-in at Leverton House.
In the Four star range there are a lot to chose from and include more than 20.
Reservations are not accepted for the on-site parking.
Boudin Bakery & Cafe has vegan friendly options.
Is Golden State Grill by appointment only?
The Gandhi does not offer free wifi.
DO you have wheel chair accessibility?
Taj Campton Place has elevators available
Baggage storage service is available at the Golden Gate Hotel.
Does A Desi Cafe have bike parking?
Saigon City does no have hala options available.
What breakfast options are available at Coventry Inn?
I need somewhere to stay in North Beach in San Francisco
No, there is no parking available.
Does Cellarmaker House of Pizza accept credit cards?
Is a lift available?
American Express, Visa, Master card, Discovery club, JCB, and Discover are accepted at Orchard Garden Hotel.
Yes, Pipasha Restaurant has well-reviewed take out service.
Does Warakubune Sushi allow dogs?
Is there any parking available nearby?
Dumpling Kitchen does not take reservations.
Does the hotel allow smoking?
Does the hotel allow smoking?
The noise level at Blind Butcher is average.
Yes, New Fortune Restaurant accepts both cash and credit card payments.
English, Spanish, & Chinese are spoken at the Kimpton Buchanan Hotel.
What forms of payment are accepted?
What forms of payment are accepted?
What forms of payment are accepted?
What forms of payment are accepted?
What forms of payment are accepted?
What forms of payment are accepted?
of course the phone number's listed as four one five five three eight thirty four thirty seven and their address is seven two one market street
does SF Honey Pig Korean BBQ offer delivery?
Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen has vegetarian friendly options.
I'm sorry, there are no gardens in Castro. Would you like me to check in a different area?
No, they do not accept Google Pay as payment method.
No, they do not accept Google Pay as payment method.
No, they do not accept Google Pay as payment method.
No, they do not accept Google Pay as payment method.
No, they do not accept Google Pay as payment method.
No, they do not accept Google Pay as payment method.
No, they do not accept Google Pay as payment method.
No, they do not accept Google Pay as payment method.
Yes, there is free WiFi offered at Frankie and Bennys.
No alcohol is served at Pharaohs Mediterranean Sandwiches.
What are my parking options?
The Bac Lieu Restaurant does offer delivery service for a 2.99 fee.
No, Kin Khao is not good for kids.
Does Pakwan Restaurant have high chairs available for babies?
how would describe the noise level
Do you have a TV for guests?
Do you have any TVs?
Do you have any TVs?
Hello.  Can you tell me what vegetarian items are on the menu?
Meeting and Banquet facilities are available at an extra charge.
Do you serve alcohol there?
Check out time is 11:00 AM
Is Pho 2000 good for groups?
Does the La Tasca have vegetarian friendly options?
Free WiFi is complimentary to all guests, and is accessible through out the hotel.
Pets are not allowed to lodge at The Grove Inn.
ok great can you please give me the phone number
Does Roma Antica offer a delivery service?
Do I need to make reservations to park my car at the hotel?
Is Chubby Noodle a noisy establishment?
Yes, this facility offers delivery services.
Yes, Nopalito is good for kids.
No, Saru Sushi Bar does not offer delivery service.
The Hamilton Lodge does not have a swimming pool onsite.
American Express, Visa, Master-Card are accepted by the hotel.
THE MISSING SOCK is not wheelchair accessible.
do you have a liquor license
do you have a liquor license
At the Fairmont San Francisco pets are welcome, but an additional charge may apply.
Does Saigon Sandwich have TVs at their establishment?
Street parking is available at Hard Knox Cafe.
Street parking is available at Hard Knox Cafe.
Are there any meeting or banquet facilities at Home from Home?
Can i make a reservation?
Beer & Wine are served at Khamsa. Other alcohol is not served.
Do you provide concierge services?
Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine offers reservation service for its customer.
Yes can I have the phone number and zip code?
I want to go to a social club in Union Square
Parking is 64.98/day
What is the sound like at Marlowe?
Do you offer kid options?
No, we don't offer free WiFi.
It is not wheelchair accessible.
What type of parking is available at My Tofu House?
sure let me see what i can find for you. ok i'm able to pull up two separate options one is coit tower and other is pier thirty three
Parking is available at Gourmet Burger Kitchen.
What can I do with my bags after checkout if I don't leave town right away?
There is onsite parking at A and B Guest House but it costs extra.
Is Avalon open 24 hours?
House keeping at Washington Square Inn is performed every day.
Sure we have Ferry Building Bike.
Yes, Axiom Hotel has disability access rooms available.
Room service is not provided at Hobsons House.
The Axiom Hotel provides a daily housekeeping service
My search returned 10 possible options for you. Is there a specific type of food you're looking for?
Yes, McKinley Square Park Foundation is kid-friendly.
Does Grafton Hotel Restaurant have any Halal options?
Are dogs allowed at Coit Tower?
Can I park my bike at Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant?
Club Donatello has 4 stars and is in the moderate price range. Would you like more information?
Is there parking available right at Coit Tower?
Is Outdoor seating available at Bay Subs & Deli?
no reservation is needed for parking at the hotel zoe fishermans wharf.
The Hotel Sunrise does provide luggage storage service and is listed as "Baggage storage" under "Front Desk Services".
Until at what time check-out Courtyard by Marriott Fishermans Wharf?
Does your restaurant serve alcohol drinks?
Does Oasis Inn offer free WiFi?
Cryptocurrency is not accepted at Lao Table.
Does The Pawn Shop have gluten free options?
Yes  Frascati is good for kids.
all right why don't you give us some information about the dungeon do you have the phone number and a zip code for it
Does Bon, Nene have delivery service?.
Yes, Papito Potrero Hill has vegetarian options.
No, unfortunately Farm : Table does not seem to be good for groups.
Daily continental breakfast is provided at Adelaide Hostel.
Yes, there are rooms with disability access available.
Is there parking at Aria Korean Street Food?
Does Pho 2000 offer free WiFi?
Can I park my bike at Golden Gate Bridge Welcome Center?
What languages do SF Plaza Hotel members speak?
What is the ambience of La Mediterranee?
No, this establishment doesn't accept Google Pay.
What area of the city would you like me to look?
Is Morty's Delicatessen good for groups?
The Proper Hotel accepts Visa, Mastercard, Discover and American Express.
Glaze Teriyaki accepts cash or major credit cards.
Are reservations accepted at Hard Knox Cafe?
Is Presidio Parkway Inn in the cheap price range?
Pizzetta 211 has street parking.
Hey, I was wondering if you guys are a good dining option for kids?
No, there are no TVs at Lovejoy's Tea Room.
Is there heat in the room?
We don't have any room with disability access at Cityroomz.
Can I pay with Apple Pay at Ramenwell?
Little Gem is wheelchair accessible.
Free WiFi is included with all rooms at the BEI Hotel San Francisco.
Yes, Jiangnan Cuisine offers take-out.
The ambience of Deli Board is casual and classy.
Is Cupid's Span wheelchair accessible?
Does The Italian Homemade Company serve alcohol?
Yes, parking is available at Courtyard by Marriott Fishermans Wharf.
I perfer a moderate price range please.
Saint Johns Chop House does not offer live music.
Is Alamo Square good for kids?
Does Roam Artisan Burgers have any vegan offerings?
No, Nopalito does not accept reservations.
Yes, free wifi is available at The Lensfield Hotel.
There is one called Pier 33 located at 31 San Francisco. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill has gluten free options.
What parking does 7D Experience have?
Google Pay is not accepted at Hunan Home's Restaurant.
Does Taj Campton Place have banquet facilities?
Can I park at Burmese Kitchen?
Alcohol is limited to beer and wine for State Bird Provisions.
Yes, there are several parking spots in front of Balompie Cafe.
Saru Sushi Bar does not accept Google Pay.
Does the Golden House have live music?
Is heating available in the rooms at Petite Auberge?
Do you provide a concierge service?
Curry King does not offer delivery service.
Does your hotel offer Wi-Fi?
Is your place appropriate for kids?
This restaurant offers gluten free options.
The ambience of Saffron 685 is casual and classy.
Does Cellarmaker House of Pizza offer WiFi?
The zip code is 94607 and the address is 1000 Oak Street.
No, the hotel is a smoke free environment.
Shish Ke Baba has an ambience that is casual.
What are the payment options at SAJJ Mediterranean?
Do you have any handicapped rooms?
uhhh that's excellent that's excellent does the academy of sciences have wheelchair access
Can I park my car at Zuni Cafe?
Kitchen Story offers take-out ordering.
The zip code is 94133. How else may I help you?
Does Saru Sushi Bar serves alcohol?
And the number of stars?
Deli Board is not good for groups.
What payment options are there?
What payment options are there?
What payment options are there?
What payment options are there?
What payment options are there?
What payment options are there?
What payment options are there?
How is the parking situation near the hotel?
What is offered at Beit Rima?
All major credit cards are accepted at Restaurant Two Two.
Does Benu accept Apple pay?
Can I pay with a credit card?
Can I pay with a credit card?
Can I pay with a credit card?
The front desk at Nob Hill Hotel is open 24 hours.
Apple Pay is not accepted at MaMa Ji's.
hey so i'm planning a trip to san francisco soon uhhh can you recommend some landmarks or some places to check out
English and Spanish are spoken at Nob Hill Inn.
What time does your front desk close?
Leverton House does not have a fitness center or gym onsite.
Rooster & Rice does accept Apple Pay.
The restaurant has a casual, trendy ambience.
The zip code for Hyde Street Pier is 94109.
Do I need a parking reservation?
Do I need a parking reservation?
Does Aria Korean Street Food offer take-out ordering?
Is there 24-hour front desk service at Hotel Del Sol, a Joie de Vivre Hotel?
Do you have gluten free items?
What is the ambience of The Progress?
Yes, Cable Car Hotel provides daily housekeeping service.
You cannot pay with Apple Pay here.
Do you guys do delivery?
Do you guys do delivery?
The phone number is (415) 392-9466. Would you like to book a reservation?
Are there internet services provided?
The address is Powell Market St, but I do not have the phone number or zip code. My apologies.
How about Cupid's Span? They don't have a phone number listed, but the address is The Embarcadero at Folsom Street and the zip code is 94107.
Inn at Union Square, a Greystone Hotel does have a lift available.
Perilla does not accept Apple Pay.
Kohinoor does not offer live music.
Does Charlie Chan offer delivery?
The Thai House Express does offer bike parking.
The Cambridge Lodge Restaraunt does not have vegan friendly options.
the front desk offers baggage storage services.
Are dogs allowed at Boudin Bakery & Cafe?
Is bike parking available at the Rooster & Rice?
Do you have a minimum age to check in here?
12:00 PM is the check-out time for guests at the Grant Hotel.
what is your checkout time?
Ebisu offers take-out.
It is casual, classy.
Does Royal Standard serve any alcohol?
No shuttle service is provided.
Are children welcomed at this location?
Are children welcomed at this location?
Are children welcomed at this location?
Amarena accepts credit cards, but not Apple or Google pay.
Yes. Find me something that has two stars.
They're in the 94107 ZIP code area. May I find out anything else for you?
Basa Seafood Express does not serve alcoholic beverages.
Can I pay my bill with my credit card?
Basa Seafood Express does have bike parking.
Yes, there is bike parking at Little Gem.
Three different types of parking
Does Rice House offer halal options?
What are the hours when I can visit the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art?
Hey, are you guys good for dining with kids?
Do you have an assigned place for smoking?
No, City Lights Bookstore does not accept Google Pay.
BYOB is not allowed here.
No, Worth House does not have a swimming pool onsite.
The Laurel Inn, a Joie de Vivre Hotel has accessible parking.
Flour + Water Pizzeria serves Beer & Wine Only in their establishment.
Yes Vegan friendly options are available at Farm:Table.
The Snug restaurant has a dress code that is casual attire.
The Coventry Inn requires a $75.00 refundable security deposit at check-in.
Champa Garden offers take-out ordering.
Yes, there is an outdoor pool onsite.
Smoking is not allowed at Arbury Lodge Guesthouse.
Does SITAR TANDOORI offer gluten free options?
Do you accept gift cards?
Yes, the Civic Center Motor Inn provides shuttle service.
great i was wondering if you could also help me find uhhh temple in the same area so we could do after lunch on sunday
There are limited spaces for parking at University Arms Hotel.
can you uhhh i know this might be silly can you check to see if they allow dogs
Do you play live music?
Yes, takeout is available at Jasmine Garden.
ok let's see what i can find all right nothing is showing up with those specifications is there something i could change
Does Pica Pica Arepa Kitchen serve alcohol?
Does the Nojo Ramen Tavern cater to groups?
The check in time is from 4pm.
excellent and do you know if they offer a military discount
Amsterdam Hostel does not offer any meeting or banquet facilities.
The ambience is casual & classy for Hard Knox Cafe.
This hotel lists American Express, Master Card, Visa and JCB as acceptable payements.
Do you have an outdoor seating area?
Is parking available in the parking garage at this hotel?
Does the hotel permit pets?
Does the hotel offer accessible parking?
BYOB is against policy at Charlie Chan.
Unfortunately, Hogwash does not offer outdoor seating to its patrons.
Yes, it offers outdoor seating.
Does Lake Merced allow to bring dogs?
hey i'm uhhh planning to visit san francisco uhhh i'm looking for a zoo
What kind of delivery service is offered?
Curry Queen is not wheelchair accessible.
There is no breakfast option available at the Grant Hotel.
Yes please find one that is two stars.
Mensho Tokyo does have soy free options.
The check-out time at Desmond Hotel is between 11:00 AM and 11:30 AM.
Can I order take out from Sam Wo Restaurant?
How old do you have to be for check in?
Is there any specific dresscode required?
Do you offer shuttle service from hotel ?
Smoking is not permitted.
Does Park Tavern accept Cryptocurrency?
Dragon Beaux does not accept Google Pay.
Are there vegan options available at State Bird Provisions?
The front desk is open 24 hours at the Warfield Hotel.
Brazen Head offers delivery service.
No, Lovell Lodge does not provide dry cleaning service.
Check-in is available starting at 2:00 pm.
Can I park my bike at Swan Oyster Depot.
Hello.  I am in a wheelchair.  Is your restaurant handicap accessible?
What are your opening hours of Ferry Building Bike Rentals?
Is there free parking available at this hotel?
Falafelland doesn't offer reservation for its customer.
Nope, it is not accepted.
Is Waterfront Restaurant good for kids?
Is Google Pay accepted at Aha Fresh?
No happy hour is available at Aziza.
Can I order delivery from Pushkin?
Limehouse does not provide any luggage storage service.
The Fly Trap has a noise level that is considered to be average.
There is an average noise level present at Bellota.
Dumpling Kitchen has vegan and vegetarian friendly options.
Does Bursa have parking?
Do you have vegetarian options?
Do you have vegetarian options?
Do you have vegetarian options?
Do you have vegetarian options?
Do you have vegetarian options?
Do you have vegetarian options?
Do you have vegetarian options?
Do you have vegetarian options?
Do you have vegetarian options?
Do you have vegetarian options?
Do you have vegetarian options?
Do you have vegetarian options?
Do you have vegetarian options?
Certainly. There are many options in Union Square. Is there a price point or star rating you'd like me to look for?
CatHead's BBQ currently does not allow smoking.
There is no fitness center onsite.
I have a small dog and want to know if I can bring her to the Holiday Inn?
There is not a spa onsite at Kirkwood House.
Are there dry cleaning services at the San Francisco Marriott Fisherman's Wharf?
Does The Little Chihuahua serve alcohol?
Yes, Wifi is available at the Courtyard Hotel and it is free.
Does Sumac offer delivery?
I have several listings for 4 star hotels in Union Square. Perhaps, we can narrow the list by price range. Would you prefer expensive, moderate or cheap?
Nopalito has vegan friendly options.
Do you all offer wifi?
No bike parking at Slice House Haight by Tony Gemignani.
No, Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen does not offer free WiFi.
Bloomsbury Restaurant does not offer vegetarian friendly options.
The Blind Butcher does not offer live music.
Good day, do you guys have any happy hour specials?
Is there parking at Hakka?
so i'm not showing any kind of payment being accepted i'm unable to find that information for you
Is it recommended for groups at La Mediterranee?
No, Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine does not accept Google Pay.
Unfortunately, this hotel is a smoke free hotel and does not have a designated smoking area.
Accepts credit cards and Google Pay, but not Apple Pay.
No parking reservation is required at Warkworth House.
Reservations are not needed at the Hyatt Regency San Francisco in advance.
can you tell me if they offer delivery
There is valet and street parking at Park Tavern.
It accepts credit cards.
Parking at the Nob Hill Motor Inn is free.
Ram's Hotel provides free WiFi.
Pets are not allowed at Nob Hill Hotel.
Is there a restaurant on site there?
yeah let me go ahead and see if they have that open. all right so it is available so i can go ahead and book for six people tomorrow at seven thirty p. m. for you
Free WiFi is not available at PIZZA HUT FEN DITTON.
Do you offer a shuttle service?
No dogs at DragonEats.
Hi, is there WiFi available there for diners?
Is there regular maid service provided by this place?
Hotel Drisco does have meeting and banquet facilities available.
Hi there. I'm looking for lodging and a place to go in Twin Peaks while I'm in San Francisco.
What kind of parking options do you offer?
There is no mention of dry cleaning for Inn San Francisco. General cleaning services are offered at an additional charge.
ummm uhhh what about any museum
Is there any shuttle service available from Twin Peaks to the hotel?
Hey, are you guys a dog friendly establishment?
Is airport shuttle available and if so is there a charge?
What does it cost to get in to the Conservatory of Flowers?
Tony's Pizza Napoletana accepts only credit card as primary payment.
Do you have any exercise or gym facilities?
High chairs are available at The Alembic.
Are there any vegan friendly options available at Umami Burger Soma District?
Dojo Noodle Bar offers delivery.
Is Travellers Rest a BYOB establishment?
Bulgara accepts Credit cards.
Free WiFi is available a the Comfort Inn By the Bay Hotel San Francisco.
what payment options are not available at Helmand Palace?
Parking at Luz Hotel costs 30 USD per day.
No, Exploratorium After Dark welcomes walk-in customers.
No. Piccino does not accept Apple Pay.
Yes, W San Francisco offers room service.
Restrooms are available at Baker Beach.
What is the price range of this hotel
There is free onsite parking at Hamilton Lodge.
Is there a fitness center located at the hotel?
Is the Hamilton Lodge front desk open for 24 hours?
Yes, they are a moderate price range. Would you like to make a reservation?
Hey, is it possible to place a take-out order?
Can I leave my luggage at Cova Hotel while I explore town?
The prices ranges of from moderate to expensive for the 3 stars.
Yes, it has been successfully booked. The confirmation code is 3UTGNN. Can I help you with anything else?
Does Ugly Duckling have gluten free options?
Hogwash does not offer bike parking.
What payment types do you accept?
What payment types do you accept?
No, parking is not available at McKinley Square Park Foundation.
What is the ambience of Pho 2000?
Is there smoking at Hogwash?
Yes, cause it has tv
Fog Harbor Fish House is good for groups.
Can I bring my dogs with me?
Piccino does have delivery service
Clowns Cafe does not have highchairs available for babies.
Do I need to make an advance reservation for parking?
Does Tasty Pot offer take-out ordering?
The ambience of Hard Knox Cafe is casual.
The Alembic does not accept Google Pay.
What kind of parking do you have at Cool Cravings?
Hey, is there a place for me to park my bike there at Pizzetta 211?
What types of payments does Da Vinci Pizzeria accept?
Does the Newkirk's accept Google Pay?
Cotogna does not offer delivery service.
Yes. Thai House Express is good for kids.
Does the Italian Homemade Company offer vegetarian options?
Can I park my car at the hotel?
Meghna does not offer live music at this time.
Do you charge extra for pets?
Yes, Bel Air Hotel has a designated smoking area.
What are the hours of operation at the California Academy of Sciences?
Is there a happy hour available?
Do you have heat in the rooms?
Does Super Duper Burgers offer delivery service?
Are groups welcomed?
This hotel accepts American Express, Visa, Mastercard, Diners Club International, JCB, and Discover.
Concierge service is provided at Hotel Riu Plaza Fisherman's Wharf.
Does Aha Fresh have high chairs?
Does Fable take reservations?
Is cryptocurrency taken at Ebisu?
Would Kasa Indian Eatery be a good place to bring my children?
Nandos City Centre serves alcohol.
Does the InterContinental San Francisco have a lift?
What parking does Tortellino have?
Does Khamsa serve alcohol?
Several European languages are spoken at Finches Bed and Breakfast.
Yes, the hotel does have a lift.
Do they have a restaurant onsite?
Does Marnee Thai serve alcohol?
Yes, the rooms at Hilton San Francisco Financial District are heated.
What is your policy on pets?
Is there a charge for me to park?
San Francisco and I am looking for an Art Museum
WiFi is available free of charge at all location for Club Donatello.
Does KYMMOY offer alcohol?
Is there a place for smoking?
No, the restaurant does not serve alcohol.
No, the restaurant does not serve alcohol.
Can I watch tv there?
Can I watch tv there?
Can I watch tv there?
Can I watch tv there?
got it uhhh do you if they serve alcohol
What breakfast options are available at Hilton Parc 55?
Can I order delivery at Nick's Crispy Tacos?
Can you tell me if there's parking available at North Beach?
I need a temple in Nob Hill
Do you have wi-fi at your location?
The Carriage Inn accepts Visa, Mastercard, Discover and American Express.
Yes, it has TV.
The Hotel Boheme is located at 444 Columbus Avenue. Can I help you make a reservation?
Can I bring my dog to Pushkin?
Parking is available on the street or garage at Nob Hill Cafe.
What kind of fitness do you offer maybe a pool?
What's the toll amount that Golden Gate Bridge charges?
Yes it is good for kids.
The Swan Oyster Depot does offer take-out ordering.
There is no charge for Wifi usage at the Petite Auberge.
The Gregangelo Museum is in Monterey Heights. Do you have any questions?
How late is check out each morning?
Do you have any type of seating for babies?
Manna does not accept Google Pay.
Are the rooms temperature controlled?
Reservations not allowed.
Are there laundry and ironing facilities at Allenbell?
Lan Hong House does not have outdoor seating.
Octavia is not good for kids
Can I order take-out?
Can I order take-out?
Can I order take-out?
Can I order take-out?
Can I order take-out?
Does the Craftsman and Wolves good for Groups?.
Yes, there is a 24-hour front desk at this hotel.
Yes. There is parking.
There is an onsite pool at this property.
Yes, can I have their phone number?
Is Apple Pay taken at A Mano?
Hilton San Francisco Financial District accepts American Express, Visa, MasterCard, Discover, Carte Blanche and Union Pay.
Does Manna have high chairs available for children?
Does  Orchard Garden Hotel provide shuttle service?
No, Champa Garden doesn't deliver.
There is not a swimming pool onsite at Archway House.
ok thank you ummm also i would uhhh like to go out to dinner and if you could find a place somewhere north beach telegraph hill in a moderate price range that serves noodles
perfect do you have the phone number there
Yes, charges may apply for pets.
They speak German, English, Spanish, French, Japanese, Russian, Filipino, Turkish, Vietnamese, and Chinese
The ambience of Tacos El Patron is classy.
Thanks. And will I be able to get an extra bed in the room for my son to sleep in?
Ebisu does not accept reservations.
Is there an admission fee to visit the Cable Car Museum?
Aquarium Of The Bay does not allow dogs.
Does Kaiju Eats Ramen and Izakaya have happy hour specials?
Is there on-site or off-site parking at Good Hotel?
Are the rooms cleaned everyday?
uhhh also can you check whether they allow to bring the dogs
could i know the of uh a bed and breakfast that is near the fisherman's wharf and it's moderately priced
Can I watch TV at Tortellino?
There is no information regarding noise level at La Mar Cebicheria Peruana.
i'd like to find somewhere to go that where i can see some art in union square
Parking is available at Tandoori Palace.
Glaze Teriyaki does offer free WiFi.
Is there beer and wine there?
Is there beer and wine there?
what's their zip code and phone number
Pizza Express does not offer halal options.
Are take-out options offered at The Italian Homemade Company?
Check in time starts from 3 PM at Hotel Bijou.
The Ben Thai Cafe does not have free WiFi.
Can I pay with Google Pay at Woodhouse Fish?
The noise level here is average.
The noise level here is average.
A kitchen is not available for guests at Presidio Parkway Inn.
Does DragonEats take reservations?
Happy Hour Specials are offered at Ramenwell.
What are the options for parking arrangements at the Mrs. Doubtfire House?
Are pets allowed at Yale Hotel?
Tilak does not have TV.
There is no spa onsite at Warkworth House.
At the Comfort Inn By the Bay Hotel San Francisco, private parking costs $34.20 per day.
Do you offer any happy hour specials?
Do you offer any happy hour specials?
Club Donatello is located at 501 Post Street. Is there any other information you need?
Are extra beds available at Inn at the Opera?
The Chateau Tivoli Bed and Breakfast provides a continental breakfast on weekdays and a champagne brunch on weekends.
Yes, the rooms at Taj Campton Place are air-conditioned.
How much to reserve a parking space and can I get a private one?
Does Fog Harbor Fish House allow to bring dogs?
What time does the Minna Hotel allow check in?
Happy Hour is available at Pier Market Seafood Restaurant.
a concierge is available at Argonaut Hotel, a Noble House Hotel
Does Ocean Beach offer parking?
What about Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant?
Does Days Inn by Wyndham San Francisco Downtown/Civic Cntr Area provide any luggage storage service?
The Gandhi does not serve alcohol.
They do take reservations.
The rooms at Petite Auberge are air-conditioned.
The Boudin Bakery & Cafe caters to groups.
Pets are not allowed at Warfield Hotel.
Does SF Plaza Hotel offer extra beds?
No Parking Available.
Do you have free parking on-site?
Do you have shuttle service?
Slice House Haight by Tony Gemignani does not allow dogs.
Delicious Dim Sum has four stars on yelp. Would you like more information?
Yes, do you know whether Belden Place has anywhere for visitors to park?
Is smoking permitted on the grounds of the Kensington Park Hotel?
Yes, China Beach is located at 490 Sea Cliff Ave.
WiFi is not offered here.
Is Cambridge Belfry handicap accessible?
nine four one zero two uhhh what's the phone nuber
The noise level at Seven Hills is average.
Is take-out available there?
Is take-out available there?
What is the noise level at Craftsman and Wolves?
Is shuttle service provided at Presidio Parkway Inn?
Does Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant accept Apple Pay?
Are there any vegan options on the menu at Old Jerusalem Restaurant?
I'm sorry, they are not wheelchair accessible. Anything else that I can help you with today?
The check out time at Civic Center Motor Inn is 11:00 AM.
What forms of payment for credit cards are accepted?
Is smoking allowed anywhere in the property?
Tacos El Patron is good for groups.
Are children good at The Italian Homemade Company?
Pho Huynh Hiep 2- Kevin's Noodle House is good for groups.
Dors Waterfront Restaurant have happy hour?
It is cheap priced. Do you want to keep looking?
All right, how about Lands End Lookout in Sea Cliff?
Daily housekeeping service is not provided by WARKWORTH HOUSE.
There is a bar and restaurant called Dirty Habit.
Is there outdoor seating at Anatolia?
The Grant Hotel does not allow pets.
Hard Knox Cafe does not accept Google Pay.
Hard Knox Cafe does not accept Google Pay.
You may park at the station, there may be a fee, you should check with your station.
Do you have outdoor seating available?
Parking is not available onsite, but there is private parking nearby.
Magowan's Infinite Mirror Maze is an art attraction in Fisherman's Wharf, would you like their details?
uhhh bummer uhhh all right how about one that serves uhhh just plain bar food
No Jackson Court is a smoke free property.
Is street parking available at Arizmendi Bakery?
The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway does not take reservations.
Is there any kitchen facility?
Grafton Hotel Restaurant has street parking available.
excellent thank you very much that's good to know also we're going to need to eat dinner can you recommend a restaurant in union square in the expensive price range just for american traditional food
There is a TV at El Farolito.
Does Kitava have vegan options?
Vegetarian and Vegan options are available at La Mimosa.
Does the Saucy Asian have Delivery options?
Do they have a happy hour?
Take-out order is available at Rooster & Rice.
Is it cheap and 3 stars?
Autumn House accept these types of credit cards: American Express, Visa, Mastercard, JCB, Maestro, Solo, and UnionPay.
Is there an onsite swimming pool at Alexander Bed and Breakfast?
ok would it be possible for you to give me the address and phone number of this hotel
Do you happen to have rooms that are wheel chair accessible?
Do you know if there are any designated smoking areas?
University Arms Hotel does not provide shuttle service.
Halal options are not available here.
Does Sushirrito offer happy hour?
There are continental and buffet breakfast options at the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel.
Hi, I am looking for a nice place to go in Embarcadero.
Is outdoor seating available at Atelier Crenn?
No, smoking is not allowed at Park Tavern.
Hi, do you guys have TV to watch while people eat?
A 50% non-refundable deposit is required to stay at Carolina Bed and Breakfast.
Do you offer credit?
Does Saigon City offer take-out ordering option to its customers?
The ambience of Boba Guys is hipster, casual, trendy and classy.
Is there outdoor seating at Uno Dos Tacos?
Can I bring my kids with me when I stay here?
Can I smoke at Avalon?
Does Shish Ke Baba offer delivery?
Corridor Restaurant has vegetarian friendly options.
Do I need to reserve a parking spot ahead of time?
You must be at least 18 years of age to check in at ALLENBELL.
Is there street parking offered?
Is there parking available at Lombard Plaza Motel?
Does The Flyer - San Francisco accept credit cards?
Do you accept Apple Pay as a form of payment?
do you know if they offer the baggage storage for guests
How is the ambience at Helmand Palace?
No, Alexander's Steakhouse does not have TV.
What about any other kind of museum?
You cannot make a reservation at Ask Restaurant.
Arizmendi Bakery does accept Apple Pay.
What breakfast and brunch options are there at the Chateau Tivoli Bed and Breakfast?
Yes, this restaurant has a Wine and Drinks List.
They have accessible parking.
Where do I park when I come?
Ram's Hotel speaks English and Hindi.
Rice Boat does not have outdoor seating.
Does Champa Garden offer delivery service?
The Embarcadero Waterfront is a lovely destination. Would you like to know more?
The European Hostel does not have meeting rooms or banquet facilities. There are shared lounge areas at the hotel.
Are there any places to eat at your hotel?
Can I park my car at The Mrs. Doubtfire House?
Credit cards and Google Pay are accepted.
What is their zip code and phone number?
There is no fitness center or gym onsite at Home From Home.
The check-in time is 3 PM at the earliest.
Do you guys accept crpotocurrency here?
oh great could i get the zip code please
ok sure let me go ahead and see if i can find something there all right unfortunately nothing is popping up as a zoo would something else work for you instead
Are the rooms here heated?
WiFi is available and charges apply.
Parking is on the street at Pampanguena Cuisine.
Do you serve any alcohol drinks?
Is there outdoor seating at My Tofu House?
WiFi is free at the Royal Pacific Motor Inn.
The Grant Hotel accepts American Express, Visa, and Mastercard.
Hey, do you guys accept Apple Pay there?
Are there extra beds available at Chancellor Hotel on Union Square?
Delicious Dim Sum does not take reservations.
do you uhhh can you share the address and zip code for that same
The ambience of Jiangnan Cuisine is casual and classy.
yes there is bike parking at this location
Is Wifi available at the Aylesbray lodge guest house?
Are there meeting or banquet facilities at Laurel Inn, a Joie de Vivre Hotel?
sure that is gonna be one d. d. f. z. s.
La Mediterranee does offer takeout.
Does Tacos El Patron offer free WiFi?
Yes, the CAMBRIDGE CHOP HOUSE has highchairs available for babies and young children.
Acorn Guest House does not have accessible parking.
Does Tilden Hotel have a fitness Facility?
The Fitzgerald Hotel Union Square provides baggage storage.
Hayes Valley Inn has heated rooms.
Can I order delivery from Hard Knox Cafe?
Yes, this restaurant currently vegan, vegetarian and soy free options.
Check in is after 3:00pm
The Clowns Cafe does not offer vegetarian friendly options.
No, Apple Pay isn't accepted at Jasmine Garden.
No, Tuba Authentic Turkish Restaurant doesn't accept cryptocurrency.
Do you guys offer delivery services?
Is it possible to make reservations?
No, Nob Hill Inn does not provide any concierge service.
Is Anchor Oyster Bar kid friendly?
Fable does have happy hour.
Is bike parking available at Bay City Bike Rentals and Tours?
Is bike parking available at Bay City Bike Rentals and Tours?
What is the atmosphere like?
What is the atmosphere like?
WiFi is free of charge at Nob Hill Motor Inn.
What alcohol do you guys serve?
The Golden Wok does not offer live music.
Is the TV available at Farm : Table?
Does Arizmendi Bakery accept Google Pay?
The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel offers a luggage storage service.
Galleria does not offer live music.
Halal foods aren't available at MICHAELHOUSE CAFE.
They do not allow dogs at Zuni Cafe.
High chairs are available at Yippee Noodle Bar.
Yes, there is a TV.
The Petite Auberge is in the moderate price range. It has 3 stars. Would you like more information?
No, the Pizza Hut does not accept reservations.
Dogs are not allowed at Amarena.
Are there any gluten-free options?
No reservation is needed for street car parking.
There is no WiFi at the Cable Car - California Street Line.
I was wondering if I could bring my dog there.
I was wondering if I could bring my dog there.
Can I get the address and phone number of the Axiom Hotel?
There is no swimming pool on site at Autumn House.
There is no parking available at Taylor Hotel San Francisco.
How about the Axiom Hotel? It is a cheap 4 star hotel located at 28 Cyril Magnin Street. How does that sound?
Continental breakfast is available at the Andrews Hotel
Is there a specific type of park that you are looking for?
No, there aren't any vegetarian options available at Ask Restaurant.
Google Pay is not allowed at Shalimar.
Private parking on site costs $65.00 per day.
Yes, The Rotunda offers a happy hour.
Yes, front desk is open for 24 hours at BEI Hotel San Francisco.
Is alcohol offered at the Mahal of Cambridge?
Is there a smoking area?
Are there TVs at the Swan Oyster Depot?
Bangkok City does not have wheelchair access.
Hey, is it possible for me to take my dog to Bellota?
Can I park my bike at Rooster & Rice?
Does the Crab House at Pier 39 have outdoor seating?.
Check-in time at the White Swan Inn begins at 3 pm.
Are extra beds available?
Are extra beds available?
Are extra beds available?
Are extra beds available?
Are extra beds available?
Are extra beds available?
Are extra beds available?
Mahal of Cambridge does not have vegetarian options available.
Do you offer any accessible parking?
No, Manna doesn't have TV.
The Kasa Indian Eatery does not accept reservations.
Does a person have to pay for parking at this location?
The ambiance at the Sam Wo Restaurant is casual, yet classy.
Bizza is Casual and Trendy and ideal for the Hipster in you.
You can rent bikes in this area at the Ferry Building Bike Rentals. Would you like to know more?
Check out time is at 10:30 at Alexander Bed and Breakfast.
A La Turca Restaurant is good for groups.
How about Twin Peaks park? Would that sound good?
How loud does it get at La Mar Cebicheri Peruana?
is there heat in the rooms?
sure let me see what's in the area ok so there's one option it's called sutro baths is that something you'd like
Does Aziza serve alcoholic beverages?
Yes, dry cleaning is available for an additional charge.
What is the noise level like inside your restaurant?
Super Duper Burgers has average noise level.
The rental cost varies from $16 to $78 a day depending on the bike.
Is there a complementary breakfast?
Yes, children may stay here.
Dogs are not allowed at State Bird Provision.
Does your facility cater to groups?
Yes, Proposition Chicken accepts Apple Pay.
The front desk is open 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Chelsea Inn check-out time is until 12:00 PM.
The Tacos El Patron does have a TV.
concierge Service Provided.
Any area is fine, but I'll be staying in Potrero hill.
The noise level at Umami Burger Soma District is average.
Can I park my bike at Liholiho Yacht Club?
Can I bring my dog along?
Can I bring my dog along?
Can I bring my dog along?
Bike parking is not available at Rooster & Rice.
Are there facility for people with disability?
Are there facility for people with disability?
Are there facility for people with disability?
Are there facility for people with disability?
Are there facility for people with disability?
Are there facility for people with disability?
Are there facility for people with disability?
Are there facility for people with disability?
Are there facility for people with disability?
Are there facility for people with disability?
Are there facility for people with disability?
Are there facility for people with disability?
Are there facility for people with disability?
Are there facility for people with disability?
Are there facility for people with disability?
Are there facility for people with disability?
Are there facility for people with disability?
Are there facility for people with disability?
Are there facility for people with disability?
Yes, Rooster & Rice offers delivery service.
The check-out time at Taylor Hotel San Francisco is 10:00 AM.
Bella Trattoria does not allow dogs.
Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Union Square have a fitness center?
Can we have extra beds put into the room?
Can we have extra beds put into the room?
Can we have extra beds put into the room?
Can we have extra beds put into the room?
Is the Franciscan Crab Restaurant wheelchair accessible?
No, there's no drive thru available at Grubbin'.
What payment options are accepted at this restaurant?
Are there any landmarks in Civic Center?
Does J Restaurant have halal options?
MAHARAJAH TANDOORI RESTAURANT does not offer any kind of live music at this time.
We offer parking at Curry King.
Can I have my luggage checked?
Yes, Um Ma Son offers bike parking.
There is available street parking.
Are pets allowed there?
Are pets allowed there?
Are pets allowed there?
Are pets allowed there?
This establishment accepts cash only.
Does Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine have soy free options?
Does The Monarch Hotel have swimming pool onsite?
I would like to find a fun attraction to visit in the Nob Hill area.
Hi, is there street parking available there?
What are the business hours for Museum Of 3D Illusions?
Do you offer any smoker friendly rooms or areas at the hotel?
Is there any shuttle service provided by the hotel?
What is the cost of WiFi at this location?
Papito Potrero Hill allows to bring dogs.
Hinodeya Ramen Bar does not offer bike parking.
Yes, the restaurant offers delivery service.
Yes, the restaurant offers delivery service.
Yes, the restaurant offers delivery service.
Does Hobsons House have disability access?
Does Little Gem have outdoor seating?
What kind of offering is there?
Can I park my bike at Alamo Square Seafood Grill?
It has bike parking.
The Mahal of Cambridge does not offer high chairs.
No, we don't have safety deposit box at the rooms here.
Do you guys offer live music on weekends?
Check in time at the Petite Auberge is 3:00pm
Yes, Marufuku Ramen SF has vegan friendly options on their menu.
When is front desk service available?
When is front desk service available?
When is front desk service available?
When is front desk service available?
When is front desk service available?
When is front desk service available?
When is front desk service available?
When is front desk service available?
When is front desk service available?
When is front desk service available?
When is front desk service available?
When is front desk service available?
When is front desk service available?
When is front desk service available?
When is front desk service available?
When is front desk service available?
When is front desk service available?
When is front desk service available?
When is front desk service available?
When is front desk service available?
When is front desk service available?
Are there vegan foods?
Lao Table has vegan friendly options
Does the Sutro's at The Cliff House have TV?
The Hotel Nikko San Francisco has meeting and banquet facilities, but for an additional charge.
WiFi service is available in all areas and is free of charge at Taj Campton Place.
Is there live music tonight?
Is there live music at Curry Queen?
Highchairs are available at Hotel Vin and Bistro.
Do you have disability access at the Lovell Lodge?
Is Flour + Water Pizzeria good for groups?
There are no outdoor seating at Saigon City.
Oasis Inn speaks English, Spanish, French and Hindi.
Golden State Grill does not offer delivery service.
Plain Jane offers take-out ordering.
Coit Tower is a landmark in North Beach/Telegraph Hill. Do you want some information about it?
yeah definitely let me go ahead and see what can i find for you
Of course. What place doesn't? There's a $2.99+ fee.
Does Saigon Sandwich offer Wifi?
The Hamilton Lodge does not offer a free breakfast.
BYOB is not possible at Curry Garden.
Is take out possible at A Mano?
What forms of payment are accepted at Hayes Valley Inn?
No, McKinley Square Park Foundation doesn't offer bike parking.
WiFi is free at Hotel Sunrise.
how old should I be to book a room?
We don't have any room with disability access at Finches Bed and Breakfast.
Does Roam Artisan Burgers have happy hour?
Does Presidio Kebab support Cryptocurrency?
The Anchor Oyster Bar serves beer and wine only.
Jiangnan Cuisine accepts credit cards.
Does KYMMOY offer free WiFi?
ok oh and i wanted to ask do they uhhh do they offer military discounts
Does The Progress have TV?
No, the Ashely Hotel does not have a fitness center or gym onsite.
What time is check-in at Admiral Hotel?
Do you have WiFi?
Do you have WiFi?
Do you have WiFi?
Do you have WiFi?
Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton does not offer take-out ordering.
City Stop Restaurant accepts American Express, Visa, Mastercard and digital payments.
I need a park in San Francisco
Crepes On Cole accepts credit cards.
No at this time varsity restaurant does not allow take out
There is a restaurant and a bar at the Gonville Hotel.
and while you're there can you check if they free wi-fi available in that location
Parking is available at Street for Admiral Hotel's customers.
Concierge services are offered at Grant Plaza Hotel.
Kasa Indian Eatery does not have TV.
What days and times can I visit the Presidio?
The Souvla restaurant does not include delivery services.
Does the MEGHNA have high chairs for babies?
Piccino offers take-out ordering.
The Golden Wok doesn't have free wifi.
Sala Thong has vegetarian options.
There is no free wifi available at BEDOUIN.
It there any age restriction to check-in?
No, live music is not offered at Rajmahal.
Beer and wine only.
Yes, Boba Guys offers take-out ordering.
Does Taboun take credit cards?
definitely phone number is four one five eight zero zero eight three four five
The rooms at the University Club of San Francisco are heated.
The ambience is trendy, classy.
The ambience is trendy, classy.
J Restaurant does not offer take-out ordering.
What are the dining options at this location?
What are the dining options at this location?
Does the Mahal of Cambridge offer high chairs?
Pier 23 has free WiFi for it's patrons.
Han II Kwan offers delivery and take-out.
Visa and other major cards are accepted here.
Do they accept Apple Pay?
The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel offers iron only laundry service.
Do you accept credit?
Do you accept credit?
Do you accept credit?
Do you accept credit?
Do you accept credit?
Do you accept credit?
The Flying Falafel does offer take-out ordering.
Noise level is quiet at Benu.
The Golden Wok has vegetarian options on the menu.
ok can i get the address of the academy of sciences
Hello, what payment options do you accept?
Can I park my bicycle at Cordon Bleu?
Curry Garden does not offer halal options.
Midsummer House Restaurant does not offer live music.
Mensho Tokyo only accepts credit card as its primary payment option.
How long is the front desk open?
How long is the front desk open?
What sort of facilities do you have for gatherings?
The Cambridge Belfry has a lift.
Can I get an extra bed?
Can I get an extra bed?
Can I get an extra bed?
Can I get an extra bed?
Can I get an extra bed?
Do I have to wait in a line or do you take reservations?
You can check-out until 12:00pm
SF Honey Pig Korean BBQ is good for groups.
the first one is fine do they have an age restriction for staying or checking in
Room service is not offered at AYLESBRAY LODGE GUEST HOUSE.
Are the rooms at Cow Hollow Inn and Suites heated?
Beit Rima does not have outdoor seating.
Does the Little Seoul  have Delivery options?
Does Tortellino offer delivery service?
Is there a spa room at Home From Home?
Does Frascati offer delivery?
Yes, they are in the moderate price range.
Hard Knox Cafe does not have WiFi.
Validated Parking, Street Parking, Free Off-Street Parking are all available.
Pets are not allowed at Leverton House.
Does Hogwash have TVs?
No, they do not have free WiFi.
Do you offer any other services than dine in?
High chairs are available at Don Pasquale Pizzeria.
Are there extra beds available at this location?
What type of credit and debit cards do you take?
Bellota offers free WiFi.
What is your check-in time?
What is your check-in time?
What is your check-in time?
What is your check-in time?
Does Beit Rima have high chairs available for babies?
Is dry cleaning available there?
No, pets are not allowed at Hotel Riu Plaza Fisherman's Wharf.
Dragon Gate is located at Grant Ave & Bush St in zip code 94108.
Ambience of The Pawn Shop is classy.
Are dogs allowed at Aliment?
The Fairmont Heritage Place Ghirardelli Square offers parking at a rate of sixty five dollars per day.
Can I park my bicycle at Hogwash?
The Rice House does not offer gluten free options.
Does Aliment offer bicycle parking?
Yes wifi is available
Does Lombard Plaza Motel provide concierge?
Delivery service is not offered at Tandoori Palace.
There is bike parking at Tanguito.
Do you have public parking available and at what chages?
There is no free breakfast.
Don Pasquale Pizzeria doesn't offer halal options.
Foreign Cinema does have outdoor seating.
No, Americana Hotel does not currently have a room available with disability access.
Ambience at Slice House Haight by Tony Gemignani is casual.
Does New Fortune Restaurant accept Apple Pay?
Yes, this restaurant is vegetarian friendly.
Can I smoke there?
Can I smoke there?
Can I smoke there?
Can I smoke there?
There is no BYOB allowed at Stazione Restaurant and Coffee Bar, sorry.
Street parking is available at Bay City Bike Rentals and Tour.
Does El Farolito have TV?
Yes, a $300 deposit is required when you check in.
Yes, you'll find WiFi available through out our hotel and it's free.
There is easy access for Wheelchairs at Sumac.
Is there outdoor seating at Cotogna?
Pizzeria Delfina - Pacific Heights does have outdoor seats.
Sala Thong serves alcohol.
yes, private parking is available on site, no reservations and is $65 a day
Does Rooster & Rice deliver?
The Cambridge Belfry has rooms with disability access.
Aziza does not offers free WiFi.
Does the Umami Burger Soma District have TV?
De Afghanan Kabob House offers delivery service for a $2.99 fee.
How much is your wireless connections?
Does Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton have high chairs for babies?
Yes, The Copper Kettle has both indoor and outdoor seats.
What is the cost of admission for adults and kids at the de Young?
Hi, Can you please help me find a nice place to dine in North Beach?
Is there parking available at Jiangnan Cuisine?
It does not have WiFi.
It does not have WiFi.
It does not have WiFi.
It does not have WiFi.
The rooms at Hyatt Centric Fisherman's Wharf San Francisco are air-conditioned.
Credit cards are the payment option offered at Bloomsbury Restaurant.
The Grove Inn does provide extra beds depending on the room you choose.
No, Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge does not have a swimming pool onsite.
Does KoJa Kitchen take reservations?
Hipster, Intimate, Romantic & Classy
Is there heat at the hotel?
What does Leopold's offer?
Is there bike parking at Asian Box?
Can you bring a wheelchair?
When is the check-in time?
When is the check-in time?
Yes, I can do that. Give me a few minutes to process it.
Does this site have high chair available?
Amarena is good for groups.
What are the payment options at Souvia?
Shalimar does not accept Apple Pay.
Yes, I would like the phone number for the San Francisco Zoo, please.
No, Jinling Noodle Bar doesn't offer delivery service.
Does the museum accept Google Pay as a payment option?
Extra beds are available and can be requested and cost $10 per night and per person
The San Francisco zoo is in the Lakeshore area, at Zoo Road.
Is there a smoking section there?
The front desk at the Gonville Hotel is open 24 hours.
Do you have a Halal friendly menu option?
Is there parking available at The Nirala?
Cryptocurrency is not accepted at Kasa Indian Eatery.
Does the Opa cafe allow dogs?
I don't see any bookstores in the SoMa area. Would you like to try another area?
The Flying Falafel have vegetarian friendly options.
Do you have in room heating?
Pets are allowed at Aylesbray Lodge
The check-out time is 8:00 am to 10:30 am.
Hello. Can you please help me find a Visitor Center in Presidio?
What credit cards are accepted at the Harbor Court Hotel?
The ambiance at The Melt - 455 Market is hipster, casual , and trendy.
Newkirk's is good for groups.
I'm looking for an inexpensive place to stay in japantown.
There is a gym at University Arms Hotel.
Is there parking available at Loving Hut?
RICE HOUSE offers parking.
Are you guys good for groups?
Are you guys good for groups?
Are you guys good for groups?
Do you offer meeting halls?
oh great can i get the phone number please
How is the noise level at Bella Trattoria?
Does Deli Board take reservations?
Is Han Il Kwan good for groups?
Is there a limit to how many room I can book?
Do you have TV there?
Do you have TV there?
Does Zen Yai Thai Restaurant offer vegeterian friendly options?
Royal Spice doe not offer take out ordering.
Marcella's Lasagneria serves alcohol but only beer and wine
parking is free and no reservations
Is there any free WiFi at Champa Garden?
Sala Thong does not offer live music.
Is there any kitchen available for guests at Club Quarters Hotel in San Francisco?
There are vegan options available at Marnee Thai.
Continental breakfast is offered to guests at the University Club of San Francisco.
What forms of payment are accepted at your establishment?
What type of breakfast is served?
The Pawn Shop restaurant does not offer TV.
LA RAZA offers validated parking, street parking, and free off-street parking.
The Souvla does have TV.
Does your restaurant offer seating outside?
Does the hotel have an onsite fitness center?
San Francisco Museum of Modern Art does not have wheelchair accessibilty at this time.
Is there a fee for pets at Lovell Lodge?
Avalon accepts Visa, Mastercard, American Express, Maestro, Sold.
The ambiance of Perilla is casual and classy.
Yes, Corridor Restaurant does have TVs.
Is Cinderella Bakery & Cafe good for groups?
Do u accept Google Pay
Opa Cafe has a casual ambiance.
Is there an onsite spa at the Autumn House?
What is the ambience at Newkirk's?
Kymmoy is not wheelchair accessible.
Does La Taqueria provide delivery service?
Is this restaurant vegetarian friendly?
Can we just show up?
yeah i've found one it's called laurel inn a joie de vivre hotel
Parking reservations are not needed.
Parking reservations are not needed.
Is smoking allowed at the Andrews Hotel?
Daily housekeeping is available at Inn San Francisco.
Is MaMa Ji's a good place for kids?
Yes, this restaurant currently serves alcohol to its patrons.
What are the parking options at Bay Bridge Inn San Francisco?
Yes, the rooms at Luz Hotel are heated.
Does Alpha-Milton Guest House provide a concierge service?
Tony's Pizza Napoletana has a casual, classy ambience.
Parking Garage and street parking are available at The Halal Guys.
GOLDEN HOUSE does not currently offer any gluten free options.
There is a shared kitchen available for guests to use at the Yale Hotel.
No there isn't.
Is there a lift at The Cambridge Belfry?
Little Seoul does not offer any gluten free options.
How much is the parking fee for guests?
Carolina Bed and Breakfasts accepts American Express, Visa, MasterCard, and Maestro Card.
Do you know if they have any happy hour special?
Can I park my car at Embarcadero Public Promenade?
Reservation is not needed for parking at the guest house.
The noise level at Glaze Teriyaki is average.
Do you have free daily housekeeping service?
all right let me check that for you okay so there is one option it is called the palace of fine arts is that something you would be interested in
sure address is steiner street and hayes street
Is the front desk open 24 hours?
Is the front desk open 24 hours?
Is the front desk open 24 hours?
Is the front desk open 24 hours?
What is the noise level at Saucy Asian?
Does KoJa Kitchen offer happy hour specials?
When would we need to check-out of the hotel?
Accessible parking is available to guests staying at University Club of San Francisco.
Bay City Bike Rentals and Tours doesn't support wheelchair accessible location.
Manna is good for kids and has high chairs.
WiFi service is free for guests at Hotel Griffon.
Smoke-free property
University Club of San Francisco accepts American Express, Visa and Mastercard as payment.
sure let me check if that's available for you. ok so it is available i can go ahead and book seven people for thursday at seven p. m.
Do they offer take out?
Is there alcohol available here?
What about Cathedral of Saint Mary of the Assumption?
There is no specific dress code at Plain jane.
Rajmahal does not have vegetarian friendly options.
Marnee Thai is good for kids.
Is there room to park on the street?
Bite does not allowing smoking at this time.
I want hotel with a star of 3.
Yes, the rooms of the Courtyard Hotel have air conditioning.
What is the ambience?
What is Pharaohs Mediterranean Sandwiches' ambience?
Wifi is free at European Hostel.
I have found Grace Cathedral in Nob Hill. Would you like more information?
Yes, can you get me their phone number?
Does Berber offer vegetarian friendly options?
Do you provide safety deposit boxes?
Do you provide safety deposit boxes?
Does Ripley's Believe It or Not! have bike parking?
WiFi is free of charge for guests of Courtyard by Marriott Fishermans Wharf.
Does your place have a fitness center?
Hello. Can you help me find a moderately priced hotel in Union Square?
The Wharf Inn does provide daily housekeeping.
No, Kitava doesn't offer happy hour.
Can I bring a large group to Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen?
Yu Garden does not over halal options.
Yes, rooms with disability access are available.
How would you describe the ambiance of your hotel?
Rooms are heated at Chelsea Inn.
The restaurant does not accept Google Pay.
What is the ambience of Rintaro?
No, La Mediterranee is not good for groups.
Does this site require initial deposit?
Does the Pakwan Restaurant offer free WiFi?
Yes bike can be parked at Roma Antica.
The Tacorea does not offer delivery services.
Are there outdoor seats?
How's the noise at The Monk's Kettle?
The Aida Plaza Hotel has a 24 hour front desk.
What is the noise level at Hard Knox Cafe?
What is the noise level at Hard Knox Cafe?
what is the dress code
what is the dress code
There is no restaurant on site.
Yes, there is free off-street parking at The Lucky Star
What payments does Marufuku Ramen SF accept?
Does Taj Campton Place have housekeeping?
is super duper burgers good for groups?
Bay City Bike Rentals and Tours accepts credit cards.
Can I make a reservation for a large party?
Pizza Hut City Centre does not have halal options available.
Daily housekeeping service is provided at the Golden Gate Hotel.
What time is checkin?
What time is checkin?
What time is checkin?
What time is checkin?
Is free breakfast included?
No, Midsummer House Restaurant does not offer delivery service.
Yes I would like to try them, but I also would like to know details for parking my bike there please?
Autumn House does not offer luggage storage service.
Nandos City Centre does not offer vegeterian friendly options.
La Margherita does not offer live music.
There are no art museums but there is Exploratorium museum, would that interest you?
Only street parking is available.
What breakfast options are available at SOMA Park Inn?
Are there any vegetarian menu items at Hunan Home's Restaurant?
Yes, there is free WiFi at the Oasis Inn.
Street parking is available for cars at The Progress.
The languages spoken at the Club Donatello include English, Spanish and Filipino.
Hi, I am looking for a nice art attraction in Balboa Terrace.
Does Pho 2000 offer takeout?
Gourmet Burger Kitchen does not offer free WiFi.
No, Lan Hong House doesn't have gluten free options.
What is the minimum age required to check in?
Pizza Hut Fen Ditton has no halal options.
Thai House Express have no TV.
American ExpressVisaMastercardDiners ClubDiscover
Reservations are accepted at SF Honey Pig Korean BBQ.
Does Ferry Building Marketplace take google pay?
Sessions at the Presidio has a garage and street parking.
Yes, Craftsman and Wolves accepts Google Pay.
What is the zip code of the park?
At Travelodge by Wyndham Presidio San Francisco, you can check out until 11.00 AM.
Street parking is available at Dolores Park.
Parking on the Streets.
Does Asian Box have happy hour?
Is there parking available at the Warfield Hotel?
What is offered at Basa Seafood Express?
Does Finches Bed and Breakfast have accessible parking?
It is not indicated if they offer delivery, but they do offer take-out.
There is no safety deposit box at the rooms here.
Grant Hotel is a moderately priced hotel in Union Square
Room service is not provided at the Worth House.
Is daily housekeeping provided at The Clift Sonesta San Francisco?
Rooster & Rice does not have TV.
Do you have Happy Hour at your bar?
The Sutro's at the Cliff House do not offer outdoor seats.
Gozu does not offer outdoor seating.
Tartine Bakery & Cafe does not accept Apple Pay.
Does Ben Thai Cafe accept credit cards?
Do you have a swimming pool?
Does Pizzetta 211 offer outdoor seating?
Yes. There is bike parking.
does the shiraz restaurant offer parking?
Travellers Rest has a few vegetarian options.
Hey, can you help me find a place to stay in Union Square?
There is a refrigerator but no kitchen available for guests at the Allenbell.
Yes it has lift.
Do you allow smoking at your location?
Can Corridor Restaurant accommodate a vegan diet?
Is there live music?
Is there live music?
No, Uncle Boy's does not offer free WiFi.
Is Bulgara a good place to bring a group?
Are there gluten free items on the menu?
Are extra beds available at the Ashley Hotel?
Do you offer any accessible parking space?
Apple Pay is accepted by The Italian Homemade Company.
Bellota accepts credit cards.
Do you have onsite parking for your guests?
The Hamilton Lodge offers a full English breakfast.
Does Champa Garden offer free WiFi?
Three and up please
Sam Wo Restaurant doesn't support Apple Pay as payment.
What type of alcohol is served at Hogwash?
I want a park in Presidio
Do you offer free wifi to customers?
The Thai Time Restaurant does have vegan friendly options.
Is there an onsite fitness center or gym at the Alexander Bed and Breakfast?
Balompie Cafe does have TV.
I am looking for an inn in Union Square that is moderately priced and has 4 stars.
Does anyone in the hotel speak French?
Does Waterfront Restaurant accept Apple Pay?
The Slug and Lettuce does not take reservations.
Does Ramenwell accepts credit cards?
The staff at Cornell Hotel de France speak English, Spanish, French and Chinese.
What is the check-out time at the Amsterdam Hostel?
I need a hotel in North Beach
What is the security deposit at the site?
What is the security deposit at the site?
Berber is good for groups.
There is no designated smoking area here.
There is no designated smoking area here.
There is no designated smoking area here.
Does Shalimar have any vegan friendly options?
Hinodeya Ramen Bar does not accept Cryptocurrency.
Does Pampanguena Cuisine have outdoor seating?
Hops & Hominy does not offer WiFi.
Yes, a table can be booked in advance.
Are the rooms air conditioned?
Are the rooms air conditioned?
Are the rooms air conditioned?
Are the rooms air conditioned?
Are the rooms air conditioned?
Are the rooms air conditioned?
Are the rooms air conditioned?
What is the noise level at SAJJ Mediterranean?
Can I bring my pet to the Winsor Hotel?
uhhh great can you get the phone number for me
Can you tell me whether I can park my car at Wave Organ?
zip code is nine four one two three
There is no age restriction to check-in at Avalon.
Does Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar take reservations?
There is no TV at Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine.
No, Little Seoul doesn't offer delivery.
Does Mama's On Washington Square offer take-out ordering?
No, Boba Guys does not have happy hour.
There are no meeting or banquet facilities at BRIDGE GUEST HOUSE.
Is there free wifi at Foreign Cinema?
Can I stay with my children?
Can I stay with my children?
Can I use Google Pay to pay for services?
Hops & Hominy offers happy hours.
Dress code at Outerlands is Casual.
Does Pier 7 have bike parking?
Bellota offers a full bar.
Little Gem does not accept Google Pay.
Do you have a restaurant or bar onsite?
How much does parking cost?
How much does parking cost?
How much does parking cost?
How much does parking cost?
How much does parking cost?
Does Brenda's Meat & Three offer Wifi?
Yes, there are multiple hotels in Union Square. Would you like to know more?
What parking does Californios offer?
so i do not have an address but their zip code is nine four one zero nine
Yes, Midsummer House restaurant has gluten free options.
Cuisine of Nepal takes reservations.
Do you have meeting facilities?
Does Nandos have alcoholic drinks?
Do you offer laundry and dry cleaning at your hotel?
Smoking is not allowed at Liholiho Yacht Club.
Yes, Courtyard by Marriott Fishermans Wharf has fitness center or gym onsite.
What is the check out time at Pacific Heights Inn?
Basa Seafood Express does not take reservations.
Do you have any tables outside?
Do you have any tables outside?
Do you have any tables outside?
What is the ZIP code of the second hotel?
No Such Facility
Does the hotel offer room service?
Cool Cravings offers delivery service for a $2.99 fee.
No lift services appear to be available here.
There are several, but The Fairmont Heritage Place Ghirardelli Square is the only one with five stars. Would you like to know more about this hotel?
Kimpton Sir Francis Drake Hotel is an expensive 4 star hotel in the area. Would you like me to check for your availability?
The languages spoken are English, Italian, and Polish.
sure their price range is actually in the moderate range
Khamsa has street parking.
Can you give me the number to the Cheesecake Factory?
How much is the security deposit for my room?
Yes, I'm looking for an arcade I can got to in Russian Hill.
Is this restaurant good for kids?
Is there any parking there?
Can I get delivery service at Piccino?
The address is The Embarcadero And Beach St and the phone number is (415) 705-5500.
Is Octavia a good place to bring kids?
Does Zen Yai Restaurant serve alcohol?
What payment options are accepted at Lovejoy's Tea Room?
Do you have baggage storage?
Do you have baggage storage?
Do you have baggage storage?
Do you have baggage storage?
Do you have baggage storage?
Ramenwell is good for groups.
Does Coqueta have high chairs for babies?
Coqueta is an expensive one.
Yes, Legion of Honor offers free WiFi.
Is apple pay accepted?
Room service is provided at Inn at Union Square, a Greystone Hotel.
Credit cards are the only acceptable payment option.
Yes, White Swan Inn provides daily housekeeping service.
Parking is available at the Club Donatello on site.
Is there a parking lot available?
What type of breakfast items are available?
Does La Taqueria have a drive thru?
Is outdoor seating at Park Tavern?
I want to know first if they have daily housekeeping.
Can I park my car at Sons & Daughters?
extra beds aren't offered at Francisco Bay Inn
WiFi costs $14.95 per 24 hours and is available for guests in the hotel rooms.
Is a continental breakfast an option there?
Lake Merced has street and private lot parking.
Alamo Square is kid friendly.
Does the Uncle Boy's have TV?
Does Buena Vista Motor Inn have facilities for guests with disabilities?
King George is a smoke free property
Baggage storage is available at Argonaut Hotel, a Noble House Hotel.
Starbelly does offer happy hour specials.
Are there any restaurants that serve New American food?
Guests can dine at the Bistro, the on-site restaurant or grab and go at the 24 hour snack shop.
Kohinoor has no gluten free options available.
Does Uncle Boy's allow dogs?
No, Ask Restaurant does not have alcohol.
Does The Nirala offer gluten free options?
Mangal Mediterranean Restaurant accepts credit cards.
Does Bistro At The Cliff House have gluten free options?
WiFi is free for guests at The Grove Inn.
There is no wheelchair access at Painted Ladies.
Please give me more information about parking there.
11:00 a.m. checkout
Free private parking is available at the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge.
I recommend Piccolo Forno. This is a highly rated Italian restaurant in Russian Hill.
Do i need to make reservations in advance?
Is there free WiFi at Karaweik Burmese Cuisine?
Yes, State Bird Provisions takes reservations.
The front desk does provide baggage storage.
Yes, the Inn at Union Square, a Greystone Hotel provides a daily housekeeping service.
The Rotunda does not serve cafe food. Can I help you with anything else?
Charges may apply with pets at W San Francisco.
Check out is until 10:30 am at Carolina Bed and Breakfast.
De Luca Cucina and Bar accepts all major credit cards.
Yes, the hotel contains both a restaurant and a bar.
Pets are not allowed at Orchard Hotel.
The attire is casual at Ebisu.
Is there lift service at Hilton San Francisco Financial District?
Free WiFi is available at Fog Harbor Fish House.
There are no TVs at Besharam.
Yes, can you help me find a cheap hotel?
There is not a designated smoking area at Limehouse.
Pizzeria Delfina - Pacific Heights has vegan friendly options.
Pets are not allowed to stay at Bel Air Hotel.
Are dogs allowed at The Flying Falafel?
Check-in time is at 14:00.
you know i'm not finding anything about parking available here
The restaurant Saffron 685 does take reservations.
There is no parking available at Palace of Fine Arts.
You can visit the Gregangelo Museum. would you like the phone number?
The opening hours is from 10am to 6pm except for tuesday in which they are closed for the day.
7D Experience accepts credit cards.
All the rooms at The Willows Inn are heated.
Baker Beach is good for kids.
No certain part of the city.
Nandos does not take reservations.
The noise level at Blue Barn Gourmet is average.
Does Stix offer live music?
The offer vegan and vegetarian dishes.
There is private parking on site at W San Francisco for USD 65 per day.
Reservations are not required for parking at Grant Hotel.
Legion of Honor is open from 9:30 am to 5 pm, but is closed on Mondays.
I would like to stay somewhere at Fisherman's Wharf that is cheap and has a 2-star rating.
The ambience of The Progress is casual, classy, trendy.
Is Super Duper Burgers good for groups?
The payment options available at Hard Knox Cafe are cash and credit cards.
The payment options available at Hard Knox Cafe are cash and credit cards.
Does your hotel provide breakfast?
Free WiFi is available at Allenbell.
Check-out time is at 12:00pm at Argonaut Hotel, a Noble House Hotel.
sure their phone number is four one five four one two zero three eight two and the address is one telegraph hill boulevard
the Inn San Francisco has free Wifi
The Front Porch has a noise level that is average.
Is a deposit required at The Lensfield Hotel?
The SAJJ Mediterranean does offer take-out ordering.
Do you have a kitchen facility at the hotel?
Can I pay with crypto there?
Visa, MasterCard, UBC
Hakka does not offer delivery service at this time.
Check-out time at the Nob Hill Inn is 11:00 AM.
Air conditioning is available in rooms at the Chelsea Inn.
What kind of ordering is offered?
What type of payment does Good Luck Dim Sum accept?
What time is check-in?
What time is check-in?
What time is check-in?
Is there proper seating for toddlers at The Varsity Restaurant?
Can I make reservations at Super Duper Burgers?
The Comfort Inn By the Bay Hotel San Francisco accepts Visa, Mastercard, Discover, Amex and Diner's Club
Does the Pakwan Restaurant have Delivery options?
No smoking is allowed in the entire property.
Does Marnee Thai offer vegan options?
American Express, Visa, MasterCard and Discover are accepted at The Marker San Francisco.
What is the noise level at The Fly Trap?
The check-out time at Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf is until 12:00 PM.
Is free WiFi available at Conservatory of Flowers?
I'm looking for something with local flavor.
Yes, the Inn on Broadway has rooms for disability access.
Can I get gluten free options at HK Fusion?
Is Tasty Pot good for groups?
WiFi isn't available at State Bird Provisions.
Hello!  Do you have Wifi available for your customers?
The front desk is open 24 hours a day.
The rooms at Kensington Park Hotel are heated.
Hi is this place kid friendly?
No, Bistro At The Cliff House does not offer delivery service.
The Avalon provides several breakfast options including full English breakfast but there is a charge.
There are many landmarks all over San Francisco. For example, in Chinatown there is the Dragon Gate.
Is it a good place to bring big groups?
Yes, State Bird Provisions has high chairs available
english, spanish, russian, chinese, and frensh are spoken at Fairmont San Francisco
Crepes On Cole does have TV.
Hey do you guys have any options for take-out?
Does Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchenn offer alcohol?
Do you provide housekeeping services?
Credit card, Google pay, and Apple pay is offered.
Can I have take-out there?
Can I have take-out there?
If I have trouble with stairs, can I use the elevator to get to any room?
Due to ongoing precautionary measures, please contact the business directly for updated hours and availability.
Due to ongoing precautionary measures, please contact the business directly for updated hours and availability.
Yes, rooms at Hyatt Regency San Francisco are individually temperature controlled.
High chairs are available at The Snug.
Parking at AMericania Hotel costs USD 55 per day.
The Missing Sock accepts credit cards.
Hey, would you say you guys are good for group dining?
You cannot pick up your order from the drive thru. Super Duper Burgers does not have a drive thru.
Is WiFi free at The Monarch Hotel?
The Laurel Inn, a Joie de Vivre Hotel, has parking for guests and also offers public parking for $39 per day.
I want to know its zip code for sure.
Is there bike parking at Nojo Ramen Tavern?
Can you tell me if there's bike parking available at The 16th Avenue Tiled Steps?
Birdsong's ambience borders on trendy, romantic, classy, and upscale.
Apple Pay is accepted as a payment option at Pakwan Restaurant.
Customers have to be over 18 to check-in at Autumn House.
Reservations are not required for the public parking located nearby.
The front desk is open 24 hours at the Hotel Drisco.
The GrilledCheezGuy does not serve alcohol.
Lovejoy's Tea Room does not offer free WiFi.
Does your location offer takeout?
Is smoking allowed at Bizza?
Children of all ages are welcome, The minimum age for check-in is 18
Smoking is not allowed
The Cornell Hotel de France does provide luggage storage.
do you serve groups
Can I pick up my order from Piccolo Forno through the drive thru?
yeah anywhere else in the city some someplace nearby would be good
ok do you have an address for pier thirty nine including the zip code
Do you accept Google pay
Do you accept Google pay
La Mar Cebicheria Peruana serves a full bar.
There is no pool onsite at Leverton House.
The Embarcadero Public Promenade is a popular attraction. Would you like more information on it?
Hi, do you have wifi at the hotels for guests?
Where can I park my car?
ok so i should be able to go in any time what's the address of the restaurant
Are there elevators?
A reservation is not needed for parking at Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf.
Street parking for cars is available at Pacific Cafe.
What payment methods do you accept upon booking?
What is the latest checkout time at Limehouse?
Rooster & Rice does not have TV
Frisco Fried accepts credit cards.
Does the Bel Air Hotel have designated smoking areas?
Yes, there is bicycle parking at Franciscan Crab Restaurant.
What is the check-in time at Cable Car Hotel?
Does Proposition Chicken accept Google Pay?
THE BEL AIR HOTEL PROVIDES SHUTTLE SERVICE TO OAKLAND INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT, SAN FRANCISCO INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT AND MINETA SAN JOSE INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT.
There is no concierge service available at CITYROOMZ.
Tang Chinese do not take reservations.
Sum is the name of their on-site restaurant for breakfast and lunch.
hi i'm planning a trip to s. f. and i'm looking for a place i'm looking for a landmark to go to in the city
Nandos does not offer take-out ordering.
I want to go to a museum in San Francisco
Nopalito doesn't support reservation service for its customers.
Yes, the fitness center is available 24/7.
Madame Tussaud's San Francisco offers cash, visa, MasterCard, and Amex as form of payment.
The check-in time at the Hilton San Francisco Financial District is 3:00PM.
The Cornell Hotel de France has a front desk that is accessible 24-hours each day.
Yes, there is outdoor seating.
Yes, there is outdoor seating.
Yes, there is outdoor seating.
Yes, there is outdoor seating.
There is no onsite restaurant at Ashley Hotel.
No, only street parking is available at Octavia.
Does Golden House offer any Halal options?
The Inn at Union Square, a Greystone Hotel  includes private parking.
Tacko offers take-out ordering.
Is it good for children at Nopa?
The check in times are from 1pm-12am at the Aida Plaza Hotel
Does Nirala offer take-out?
No, Rosa's Bed and Breakfast does not offer daily housekeeping service.
This Hyatt accepts American Express, Visa, Mastercard, Discover, Diners Club, Japan Credit Bureau  and Union Pay International.
Dress code is casual at Foreign Cinema.
Yes, the front desk is available for 24 hour service.
Presidio Kebab is wheelchair accessible
What time is check in at your hotel?
Do you have vegetarian friendly menu options?
Yes, highchairs are available at Pizza Express
sure i'm finding one landmark actually not a list and it is called actually there's no lo name for this location it's in located it's located in japandown japantown though
There are safety deposit boxes in rooms.
Hi, do you accept Apple Pay there?
Credit cards are accepted at Gozu.
Where is the nearest laundromat if you're staying at Hotel Sunrise?
sure let me go ahead and search that for you. all right nothing's showing up with all of those specifications is there something i can change instead
The rooms at Hotel Zoe Fisherman's Wharf are heated.
Is there a dress code for Alcatraz Island?
Brenda's French Soul Food has vegan options available
Yes, there is an Italian restaurant called Colombini Bistro at the Nob Hill Hotel.
Bay City Bike Rentals and Tours accepts only credit card as primary payment.
Yes.The Ramp have TV.
Sutro's at The Cliff House has street parking.
What time does Pier 39 open?
Kensington Park Hotel does provide room service.
Reservations are not needed at Petite Auberge.
They don't have a phone number listed, but the zip code is 94122.
I'd like something in the moderate price range?
You do not need to make a reservation for parking Laurel Inn, a Joie de Vivre Hotel.
Does Blue Barn Gourmet have soy free options?
Thanh Binh doesn't have free WiFi.
Is there luggage storage service at City Centre North B and B?
The Dojo Noodle Bar does not serve alcohol.
How late is your front desk open until?
Does Hampton Inn San Francisco Downtown/Convention Center provide daily housekeeping?
Burmese Kitchen does not offer happy hour.
No, La Taqueria does not offer bike parking.
For an additional fee, dry cleaning services are available to guests.
There is a TV at Bay Subs & Deli.
Does City Stop Restaurant serve alcohol?
The ambience of Boudin Bakery & Cafe is casual, touristy, and classy.
Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant accepts credit cards.
Frisco Fried is good for groups.
No you do not. There is parking nearby that you can pay for when you arrive.
Unfortunately this restaurant does not take reservations.
Is there a gym on site?
How is the noise level at Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar?
Yes, they accept Google Pay as payment method.
Do you serve cocktails?
What payment methods are available at Hotel Spero?
Yes, Rice Boat has takeout menus.
Do you provide WiFi at your hotel?
Does this facility have a big banquet room?
Tacorea does not have a pick up drive thru.
Are there reservations able to be taken?
A parking reservation is not required at University Arms Hotel.
The Italian Homemade Company serves beer and wine only.
Can I have a roll away brought into my room?
Is there take-out?
Dry cleaning service is not offered at Hamilton Lodge.
Do you have a drive-thru?
Do you have any TVs I can watch the game on while I eat?
What do you charge for WiFi?
Yes, Saucy Asian offers delivery service.
Does the SF Plaza Hotel have an elevator?
Yes, alcohol is served here in the form of beer and wine.
What is the check out time at the Inn?
Restaurant One Seven is not wheelchair accessible.
Alcohol is not served at Arizmendi Bakery.
Nojo Ramen Tavern does not have TV.
No, Nourish Cafe doesn't serve alcohol.
What is the security deposit amount?
it is a smoke free property
There is no parking available at the Winsor Hotel.
Do they offer wifi?
Do they offer wifi?
Do they offer wifi?
Do they offer wifi?
How loud is at your establishment?
Can you provide me with their phone number and address, please?
No reservation is needed for parking at Luz Hotel. The cost of parking is $30 per day.
Hyde Street Pier is good for kids.
Plaj Scandinavian Restaurant & Bar does not offer outdoor seating.
No delivery option is available at this time.
sure i've got quite a few places to recommend in san francisco there's japantown uhhh there's pier thirty nine but a great recommendation i have for you is called painted ladies
What is the parking situation like there?
WiFi is available for free at this hotel.
they claim to speak 5 languges
The San Francisco Museum of Modern Art is open from 10am to 5pm every day, except for Wednesdays when it is closed all day.
Outdoor seating is not offered at Octavia.
Smoking is allowed in the Outdoor Area / Patio Only.
Royal Spice does not have high chairs available for babies.
Yes, perhaps you would enjoy visiting the Exploratorium After Dark. That is in Embarcadero.
The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen is wheelchair accessible.
The Cuisine of Nepal has a very cozy and homelike ambience.
Does this site offer laundry service?
Does The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen accept Cryptocurrency?
Does KoJa Kitchen have gluten free options?
no they do not take reservations
Hi, good day. I was just curious if you guys take credit cards?
Is there a concierge service at this location?
Is there parking available at SF MOMA?
zip code is nine four one zero two
Dry Cleaning is available for an extra charge.
Visa, Mastercard, Maestro, American Express, and Solo are the accepted payment methods at the Kirkwood House.
When do I have to check out of King George after staying overnight?
WiFi is available at 5 GBP per day.
Does Basa Seafood Express offer any military discount?
The Italian Homemade Company has a noise level that is average.
Is WiFi available at Hotel Riu Plaza Fisherman's Wharf?
Could you please let me know if I can park my bike at Palace of Fine Arts?
What is the noise level at State Bird Provisions?
What languages are spoken at Huntingdon Marriott Hotel?
LIMEHOUSE requires a 50% security deposit for staying.
Does The View Lounge accommodate groups?
Check-out time is at 12:00pm at Hotel Zelos San Francisco.
Yes, Baker Beach has a picnic area.
When is the checkout time at the Warkworth House?
No, Nourish Cafe does not accept cryptocurrency.
Are you casual or dress up?
Is KoJa Kitchen a good restaurant for groups?
Yes, there is bike parking at City Lights Bookstore.
Do you offer dry cleaning?
Do you offer dry cleaning?
Do you offer dry cleaning?
Do you offer dry cleaning?
Do you offer dry cleaning?
Do you offer dry cleaning?
Bernal Heights Park is the only park in Bernal Heights, would you like more details?
Outdoor seatings are available at Blind Butcher.
Are the rooms at this location air conditioned?
You cannot ask for extra beds at the Acorn Guest House.
I'm not sure but I want it to be cheap.
The payment options available at Hinodeya Ramen Bar are cash and credit cards.
Is there happy hour at Amarena?
Are vegetarian options on the menu at Michaelhouse Cafe?
Is there a TV at Nopalito?
American Express, Visa, Mastercard, Discover, JCB, and UnionPay is accepted as payments by The Ritz-Carlton, San Francisco.
The minimum age for check-in at the Parker Guest House is 18 years of age.
Yes, what's the fee for admission at Madame Tussauds San Francisco?
Does Deli Board take Apply Pay or Credit Cards?
Dogs are prohibited at Atelier Crenn.
What are your parking options?
What are your parking options?
What are your parking options?
What are your parking options?
What are your parking options?
What are your parking options?
What are your parking options?
What are your parking options?
What are your parking options?
What are your parking options?
What are your parking options?
Private parking is available at a location nearby at $59 per day.  No reservations needed.
Public parking is available nearby.  No reservations needed.  Charges apply.
Yes, Khamsa is good for groups.
Does the La Mediterranee have outdoor seating?.
Google Pay is not accepted at Marcella's Lasagneria.
May i check in with my children?
New Fortune Restaurant is perfect for kids.
Is Apple Pay accepted at Sam Wo Restaurant?
Can I bring my pet along with me?
Does Executive Hotel Vintage Court provide any shuttle service?
Saigon Sandwich does not serve alcohol.
What languages are spoken at Limehouse?
The Woodhouse Fish has an average level of noise.
Check-in is from 3 pm.
Does Mama's On Washington Square accept credit cards?
The bike rental is $8 to $16 per hour, depending on the bike you choose to rent.
Ambience level is casual at New Fortune Restaurant.
There are facilities available for guests with disabilities.
A La Truce Restaurant offers take-out ordering.
Grace Cathedral is open from 7am to 6pm on weekdays, and 8am to 6pm on Saturday and Sunday.
Does the museum offer military discounts?
Alamo Square Seafood Grill does not offer delivery service.
Clarion Alley is not wheelchair accessible.
Yes, how late does your concierge stay open?
Champa Garden  has vegan options.
What time is check-out at Nob Hill Motor Inn?
There is a restaurant and bar called Daffodil Restaurant on-site.
A $50 USD deposit is required upon arrival.
Yes, options are available for vegetarians.
Is Grubbin' good for kids?
Does Zazie offer happy hour?
Sounds interesting. Is there any parking at the murals?
Off-street parking is free at Brenda's Meat & Three Restaurant.
Chiquito Restaurant Bar does not offer gluten free options.
No, they do not have a happy hour.
Ambience of Plaj Scandinavian Restaurant & Bar is elegant.
Cotto offers vegan and vegetarian options.
Would you be able to hold my luggage until I get there?
Kasa Indian Eatery serves beer and wine.
Can I order takeout at Aha Fresh?
No, it is a smoke-free property
No, it is a smoke-free property
Does Tortellino offer live music?
they speak english and spanish.
The Glass Elevator is located at 335 Powell St. The zip code is 94102. I'm unable to find a phone number, but can give you the website if you're interested?
ok that's fine ummm can i get the address
Do you have shuttle services available?
WiFi is available for free at New Fortune Restaurant.
Extra beds are not available at Cityroomz.
Papito Hayes does not have TV.
Marcella's Lasagneria does not offer free WiFi.
Does J Restaurant have highchairs?
Yes, the front desk is available 24 hours a day.
Pampanguena Cuisine does not offer happy hour.
Kirkwood House does not have a restaurant or bar.
The Alembic does provide happy hour.
No, Hogwash is not a good place for kids.
What is the phone number for Club Donatello?
Saru Sushi Bar has street parking.
I need a bed and breakfast in Fisherman's Wharf
Are there any expensive restaurants in that area?
Troya has bike parking.
BRIDGE GUEST HOUSE requires a security deposit of GBP 50 per night.
I was wondering if you offer free wi fi for your customers.
Does Jake's Steaks have there own parking?
Unfortunately, this restaurant does not provide delivery service.
No it does not offer free wifi.
No Good Luck Dim Sum doesn't serve alcohol.
Hi, can you tell me if the rooms have heating?
When does front desk service is available?
What payment options are accepted at Hilton San Francisco Financial District?
There is no parking available at Nob Hill Inn.
No gym or fitness center is available at this property.
Yes. Nopalito is good for groups.
Does Pho 2000 have vegeterian friendly options?
What is the ambience like here.
Wifi is available to all for free
Parking reservations are not required at the Acorn Guest House.
Can I pay with crypto?
No, that isnt on the list of mentions.
The opening hours are from 10am to 5pm Tuesday through Sunday.
Does The Alembic have a full bar?
Yes. Aida Plaza Hotel have lift.
The ambience is casual, trendy, and classic.
Payment methods accepted at Jackson Court are American Express, Visa and MasterCard.
The entire property is smoke-free.
Hey, how are you? Do you guys offer bike parking?
I'm really looking for something in the cheap price range.
Yes, Tacorea has vegan friendly options.
There are no parks in Presido, can I look in a different area for you?
Are you able to provide any delivery services?
WiFi costs $14.95 per 24 hours at The Ritz-Carlton, San Francisco.
What is the noise level of Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen?
Does Tilak have TV?
Data is limited to 50MB per day with no option of additional data.
Do you do take out?
Do you do take out?
Do you do take out?
yes there is baggage storage
The admission fee is $29.25 for adults and $19.25 for children.
Is there wheelchair accessibility there?
Is there wheelchair accessibility there?
The Thai Time Restaurant does offer delivery services.
There is a no BYOB policy at Ali Baba.
Dogs are not allowed at Stix.
Do you offer storage for bags?
What's the minimum age for check-in at the Parker Guest House?
Free WiFi is available at Home From Home.
The noise level at the Burmese Kitchen is quiet.
Do the rooms have heating?
Do the rooms have heating?
Is luggage storage availible?
No, it does not serve alcohol.
Does Rosas Bed and Breakfast have a swimming pool?
Do you offer free WiFi?
Do you offer free WiFi?
Do you offer free WiFi?
Do you offer free WiFi?
Do you offer free WiFi?
Do you offer free WiFi?
Do you offer free WiFi?
There is a $100 damage deposit that is required when you arrive at the hotel.
Will housekeeping services be available during my stay?
No, this is a smoke-free property.
No, this is a smoke-free property.
No, this is a smoke-free property.
Does your hotel offer meeting rooms and how much would they be?
A shared kitchen is available for guests here.
Take-out is available.
There is street parking available at Burmese Kitchen.
Do you guys offer outdoor seating?
Club Donatello has 4 stars.
Yes Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar serves alcohol.
Take out ordering is offered at Boudin Bakery & Cafe.
Yes, Hotel Drisco offers free daily housekeeping service.
My Tofu House does not offer WiFi service.
There is no luggage storage service available at HOBSONS HOUSE.
This restaurant has options for vegetarians.
English, Japanese, Portuguese, Filipino and Chinese are spoken at the SF Plaza Hotel.
Do you accept Google pay?
secure parking is provided at the inn at USD 11.40per day
Does Rice Boat allow BYOB?
Yes, Dragon Beaux does offer vegan friendly options.
How much are extra beds?
There are no breakfast options at Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf.
Do you have any preferred hotel chain or brand?
Can I get any extra bed for my room?
The zip code is 94107.
Yes, TV is available at Hops & Hominy.
an airport shuttle is available at Winsor Hote
Yes, Hot Sauce and Panko offers take-out.
The Little Chihuahua good is for kids.
Shuttle service is not provided at THE CAMBRIDGE BELFRY.
Is it family-friendly?
Great. Do they provide any concierge service for guests?
Do you have a pizza for vegetarians?
India House does not have halal options.
airport shuttle
let me search that for you ok so the database doesn't specify what languages they speak so i'm not able to let you know that
Does the Roam Artisan Burgers serve Alcohol?
Show me places I can find local flavor in Inner Sunset.
Do you take Google Play?
Truly Mediterranean has average noise level.
Yes, Corridor Restaurant is good for groups.
Can you tell me if free Wifi is available at Boudin Bakery & Cafe?
Is there a fee for the WiFi?
it's ok could i have the star rating phone number and address of that place
Is bike parking available at the Legion of Honor?
No. Plaj Scandinavian Restaurant & Bar  does not offer take-out ordering.
What type of things are at New Eritrea Restaurant & Bar?
Yes, there are rooms available for disabled guests.
Yes, there are rooms available for disabled guests.
Does the Good Luck Dim Sum have wheelchair accessible?
Does Tacos El Patron accept Apple Pay?
Do you serve alcohol at Royal Spice?
Do you offer BYOB?
Do you offer BYOB?
Do you offer BYOB?
Do you offer BYOB?
Do you offer BYOB?
Do you offer BYOB?
No, there is no live music.
Does My Tofu House take Google Pay?
Am I allowed to stay at your hotel with my children?
Slice House Haight by Tony Gemignani does not accept Apple Pay.
The minimum age for check-in at The Fairmont Heritage Place Ghirardelli Square is 21 years old.
Do you guys have wifi for customers?
How long is the front desk open each day?
Is there wifi available here?
The Desmond Hotel does provide daily housekeeping.
Delivery service is not offered at Ailment.
There are no high chairs available at THE MISSING SOCK.
English, Spanish, French, Japanese, Chinese are spoken at The Ritz- Carlton, San Francisco.
Yes there is a restaurant.
Plain Jane has TV.
Kitava does not accept Google Pay.
Hey do you guys have any outdoor seating there?
Swan Oyster Depot does not have any gluten-free options.
Lovell Lodge offers accessible parking on site.
The payment options at The Halal Guys are cash or credit.
I want something to do in Alamo Square like a public market.
No Cryptocurrency is not accepted in  SAJJ Mediterranean.
Yes, Kitchen Story offers outdoor seating.
Rooms at Buena Vista Motor Inn have heating and air conditioning.
Can I get take out at Coqueta?
There is no bike parking at Balmy Street Murals.
Yes, Nopalito has a full bar.
La Taqueria just accepts cash.
Yes, the Fisherman's Wharf is good for kids.
Meghna does not offer free WiFi.
The Italian Homemade company offers a casual, classy atmosphere.
Are you appointment  only?
The Flyer in San Francisco is open from 10am to 8pm every day.
Is Jin Mi Korean Cuisine good place for both groups and kids?
Does this restaurant offer live music?
Is Hyde Street Pier wheelchair accessible?
China beach is free of charge to visit.
No, Oakland Museum of California doesn't allow to bring pets inside.
Dogs are allowed at Rooster & Rice.
The Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen offers street parking for cars.
Is smoking allowed inside the facility?
Is someone available at the front desk day and night?
Can I store my luggage at the hotel if I get there before check in?
Is Cellarmaker House of Pizza good for groups?
Hogwash has a hipster, casual, trendy, and classy ambiance.
Boudin Bakery & Cafe is good for kid.
The restaurant does accept reservations.
The Alembic is wheelchair accessible.
Rajmahal does not have any outdoor seats.
I was wondering how old I had to be to check in.
Does Alexander's Steakhouse have a TV?
At Shalimar you have several options for parking. You can find a spot on the street; you can seek shelter in a garage; or you may pay for a private lot.
The Ugly Duckling does not have free WiFi available.
The ambiance of The Cheesecake Factory is touristy and classy.
Cash and credit cards are accepted at this establishment.
Does Fable offer delivery?
Are there foods for vegans?
There is no seating outdoors at Ugly Duckling.
Alexander Bed and Breakfast does not supply extra beds.
Can you get me their phone number and zip code?
Does the Fog Harbor Fish House have TV?
Credit cards are accepted at Papito Potrero Hill.
La Raza does not have gluten free options.
Greek and English are spoken at Hamilton Lodge.
No, there is no age restriction.
Is Cordon Bleu good for groups?
No extra bed is available at Aylesbray Lodge Guest House.
The Curry Prince does not offer halal options.
Is there take out offered?
Is there take out offered?
Is there take out offered?
Does Baker Beach have a picnic area?
Are the rooms at Travelodge by Wyndham by Fishermans's Whart heated?
Do you accept Apple Pay at this location?
Do you accept Apple Pay at this location?
Do you accept Apple Pay at this location?
Hey, do you guys have outdoor seating there?
Yes, there is bike parking.
Yes, there is bike parking.
Yes, there is bike parking.
Are pets allowed at  Hotel Sunrise?
No, parking at El Farolito is on the street.
Do have a TV at your location?
What is the ambience of Ben Thai Cafe?
Is there concierge service at Avalon?
What is the cost for WiFi at the Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Downtown?
What are the breakfast options at this location?
The Souvla restaurant is not good for kids.
Yes, the Hotel Zoe Fisherman's Wharf does provide concierge service.
Ramenwell offers soy free options.
The San Francisco Marriott Union Square does not allow pets.
Do you provide high chairs?
Do you provide high chairs?
Is bicycle parking available at The Rotunda?
Does the PIZZA EXPRESS FEN DITTON have Delivery options?
Is there anything gluten free on the menu?
No, the property doesn't offer extra bed.
No, the property doesn't offer extra bed.
Are there high chairs at Liholiho Yacht Club?
Children are welcome at Huntingdon Marriott Hotel.
Is there parking at your location?
Can you tell me if Pakwan Restaurant is wheelchair accessible?
Tacko has a casual ambience, so like jeans.
Free WiFi is not offered at Shiraz Restaurant.
Can I pick up my order from Ushio Ramen through the drive thru?
Does Travelodge have concierge service?
Smoking is not allowed at the Cova Hotel.
THE GARDENIA is not wheelchair accessible.
The Melt - 455 Market does offer free WiFi.
Is WiFi available at Mama's On Washington Square?
Do you accept Google Pay for payment?
Can I bring my own beer to Nandos?
I don't really have a preference, but I want their phone number, address, and zip code whenever you're able to make a recommendation.
Does Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant accept credit cards?
sure i've found the san francisco city hall in that area
yes it is
Does this establishment have gluten free options?
Yes.Seven Hills take reservations.
No spa is onsite here.
No spa is onsite here.
THE LENSFIELD HOTEL has a shared kitchen available for its guests.
Is outdoor seating offered at Rooster & Rice?
The King George is a pet friendly hotel and charges may apply.
High chairs are available at The Oak Bistro.
All cribs and extra beds are subject to availability.
Are there any lifts there?
What kind of breakfast options do you have?
of course their phone number is four one five seven eight zero one six six one
Does The Monarch Hotel offer free WiFi service?
Cellarmaker House of Pizza does not take reservations.
Tom and Jerry's House is in the area and is a popular destination. Would you like more information?
WiFi service is available in all areas and is free of charge at Hotel Zoe Fisherman's Wharf, San Francisco.
Does Cable Car Hotel offer parking?
Does the Hard Knox Cafe have TV?
Does Troya have free wifi?
Taqueria Los Coyotes is not by appointment only.
Souvla has vegan and vegetarian friendly options.
Is Pharaohs Mediterranean Sandwiches wheelchair accessible?
Free WiFi is available in each room.
Are there any vegetarian options there?
Sure, I can book you a table at The Progress.
Great, what's the zip code of the Hyde line one?
do they offer delivery there?
Can I pay with Visa?
Does the The Italian Homemade Company offer Bike Parking?
Do you have vegan friendly options?
Do you have vegan friendly options?
Do you have vegan friendly options?
Pets are not allowed to stay at Winsor Hotel.
Pets are not allowed at Green Tortoise Hostel.
Is there a charge for using WiFi?
Is there a charge for using WiFi?
Can I get beer or wine there?
Can I get beer or wine there?
Can I get beer or wine there?
Are the rooms at the Alpha Inn and Suites heated?
What is the ambiance at Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen?
There is no mandatory dress code at Bursa.
Do you have rooms that are accessible for the disabled?
Aha Fresh has vegan options.
The check-out time at the Admiral Hotel is 11:00AM.
Yes, Pho 2000 takes reservations.
No, it's not good for groups as seating is very limited inside as well as on the patio.
Bike parking is available at New Dumpling King.
Can I park my car at San Francisco Museum of Modern Art?
Marlowe has bike parking.
Yes, Bedouin is wheelchair accessible.
Which credit cards are accepted at the Kimpton Sir Francis Drake Hotel?
Credit cards are accepted at Newkirk's.
Is there daily housekeeping provided at Alexander Bed and Breakfast?
Does Beit Rima accept Google Pay?
Is airport shuttle service provided at Tilden Hotel?
CatHead's BBQ serves beer and wine only.
There is 24 hour front-desk access available
Luggage and storage service is not provided here.
Airport shuttle is provided for an additional charge.
Do you prefer Cantonese or Chinese food?
The Restaurant Alimentum does not have vegetarian friendly options at this time.
Is there a concierge?
Take out ordering is offered at Sam Wo Restaurant.
This is classified as a casual and classy restaurant.
State Bird Provisions does not accept Google Pay.
There is 24-hour front desk service at the Grant Plaza Hotel.
Take-out ordering is offered.
What is the noise level at Zuni Cafe?
Grubbin' offers free WiFi.
How old do you have to be to check-in?
Little Seoul takes reservations.
uh does tomorrow work
Is there free wifi there?
Is there free wifi there?
Is there free wifi there?
Does Leopold's offer free WiFi?
What sort of things does Souvla offer?
The number is (415) 398-8900. Would you like to book a room?
Is Museum of 3D Illusions appropriate for children?
Which languages are spoken at Fairmont San Francisco?
The rooms at Hotel Zelos San Francisco have air-conditioning.
Bike parking is available at 7D Experience.
Does your restaurant have vegetarian friendly options?
Pacific Cafe offers take-out ordering.
The Lucky Star has no take-out ordering.
The Worth House has free WiFi.
Yes, they offer parking on the street.
Is there a gym available at your location?
At Tanguito the noise level is bearable, it's average.
You cannot stay with your pets at Rosa's Bed and Breakfast.
address is one six two five post street
Is smoking allowed at your location?
The Washington Square Inn is a smoke-free property.
The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel does not provide breakfast for free.
Hobsons House has microwaves only.
Can I park on the street?
Can I park on the street?
They do not accept Google Pay at Nourish Cafe.
There are many landmarks including Coit Tower, The Golden Gate Bridge, and Alcatraz Island. Would you like to hear more?
The payment options available at Curry Garden are credit cards.
Will I be able to pay using Google Pay?
A reservation is not needed for the parking at Lombard Plaza Motel.
Are elevators present at Hilton Parc 55 San Francisco Union Square?
Can you tell me what the ambience is like at Papito Hayes?
There are two beaches in Presidio, Baker Beach and Chrissy Field, would you like details of either?
A reservation for parking is not necessary at the Alexander Bed and Breakfast.
Good afternoon, do you guys offer free WiFI?
The ambience of Rintaro is classy.
There is no extra bed available.
No, Jingling Noodle Bar does not have high chairs available for babies.
Are dogs allowed at Bay City Bike Rentals and Tours?
You can enjoy live music every night.
Does Tortellino have free WiFi?
The Italian Homemade Company serves beer & wine only.
Does your restaurant have gluten free options?
Stem Kitchen & Garden offers a Trendy and Classy ambience.
Can you find me just anyplace in the city that has some local flavor to it?
How's the noise there?
How's the noise there?
Do you offer delivery?
Do you offer delivery?
Do you offer delivery?
Do you offer delivery?
Do you offer delivery?
Do you offer delivery?
Do you offer delivery?
Do you offer delivery?
Do you offer delivery?
Do you offer delivery?
Do you offer delivery?
Do you offer delivery?
Do you offer delivery?
Do you offer delivery?
Do you offer delivery?
Do you offer delivery?
Do you offer delivery?
Do you offer delivery?
Do you offer delivery?
Do you offer delivery?
Do you offer delivery?
Do you offer delivery?
Yes.Plain Jane wheelchair accessible.
Does Jinling Noodle Bar have highchairs for babies?
The Halal Guys have vegetarian friendly options.
Does this place take Apple Pay as payment?
There is street parking at Basa Seafood Express.
What are the hours of Franciscan Crab Restaurant?
The rooms are heated at Bel Air Hotel.
Is there parking at the New Eritrea Restaurant & Bar?
Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen is good for kids.
Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen is good for kids.
Yes, Bernal Heights Park does have restrooms available.
Can I use my wheelchair there?
Yes, Tasty Pot is wheelchair accessible.
How much does internet cost?
Perilla is available for wheelchair access.
We are looking for a meeting area, do you have such a  room?
Crab House at Pier 39 is wheelchair accessible.
Yes,  Orange Village Hostel provide daily housekeeping service.
Does La Taqueria have a TV?
What's the ambience there?
What's the ambience there?
What parking is available at Alamo Square Seafood Grill?
Credit card payments from American Express, VISA, MasterCard and DISCOVER are accepted by Inn on Folsom, San Francisco.
Can I bring my dog to the Cinderella Bakery & Cafe?
City Stop Restaurant does not take reservations.
Does Super Pan serve alcohol?
Is breakfast included in my booking?
At Desmond Hotel there is a front desk that is open 24 hours per day.
What is the noise level at The Italian Homemade Company?
do you take reservations
do you take reservations
Is there free wifi available?
Hey, what kind of payment options are accepted at La Mediterranee?
Are there any services for people with disabilities?
There is WiFi available in all areas at the Harbor Court Hotel for an additional charge.
The Varsity Restaurant offers validated parking, street parking and off-street parking.
Shish Ke Baba doesn't take reservation order for its customers.
Andrews Hotel is moderately priced, would you like their details?
Are there any restaurant or bar?
There are no zoos in the area but I did find two parks, one called Dolores Park and the other which is Seward Street Slides.
Take out ordering is available at KoJa Kitchen.
Bike parking is available at Brenda's Meat & Three.
Is there outdoor seating available at Maharajah Tandoori Restaurant?
Sorry, no pet is allowed to The Mrs. Doubtfire House.
What time is check out at Aylesbray Lodge Guest House?
Free parking is available at our hotel
Do you have delivery service?
Do you have delivery service?
Do you have delivery service?
Do you have delivery service?
Do you have delivery service?
Do you have delivery service?
Do you have delivery service?
Check-out time is at 12:00 PM.
Check-out time is at 12:00 PM.
sure let me see what i can find for you. all right so there are quite a few options but one of them that people do tend to enjoy is called coit tower
It costs $61.56 per day
The typical noise level at Roma Antica is average.
How late are we able to stay at Alpha Inn and Suites?
Yes, B on the Go has TV.
Is Apple Pay accepted at Nopalito?
The Galleria Park speaks three different languages, including English, Spanish, and Filipino.
Dogs are not allowed at Pho 2000.
Kohinoor does not offer delivery service.
do you have happy hour
do you have happy hour
Do I have to pay for WiFi at Finches Bed and Breakfast?
Does the Beaux accept Apple Pay?.
Yes, the menu features a wide variety of kid-friendly dishes and they will accommodate special requests.
Nandos does not offer free WiFi.
Does Rusty's Southern have bike parking?
Saucy Asian is wheelchair accessible.
Does Outerlands accepts reservations?
It is loud at the Cheesecake Factory.
Check-out time is 12:00 p.m. at Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Union Square.
How many languages do your staff speak?
Are you accessible for guests in wheelchairs?
The following languages of Greek, English, and Romanian are spoken at Lovell Lodge.
Does the Sitar Tandoori accept credit cards for payment?
heh ok do you what the charges for wi-fi in this hotel
When can I leave?
Saru Sushi Bar does not offer WiFi service.
Is there WiFi at Pizzetta 211
How much is parking at Hyatt Regency San Francisco?
Say luggage service under contact host.
Can you let me know if you have a lift in your hotel?
Does Thai Time Restaurant have a t.v.?
No they don't take reservations.
Can I request a room for a minor?
It is free to get into Mission Dolores Basilica.
Street parking is available at Cinderella Bakery & Cafe.
Is room service available for all rooms?
No, bikes are not permitted at Batteries to Bluffs Trail.
There is parking available at Wagamama.
De Afghanan Kabob house has street parking.
Is there bike parking at Hinodeya Ramen Bar?
Great, can you tell me what the zip code and address are?
The Golden Gate Bridge Welcome Center is a visitor center located in the Presidio area, would you like their phone number?
The WiFi at this hotel is free.
The WiFi at this hotel is free.
Accessible parking is not available at the Argonaut Hotel.
Yes, high chairs are available.
Yes, high chairs are available.
Hotel Zoe Fisherman's Wharf does not have a swimming pool.
Molinari Delicatessen does have outdoor seating.
New Dumpling King offers happy hour.
Yes, Crab House at Pier 39 currently offers take out ordering as an option.
Is BYOB available at the site?
Yes they do, knowledgeable staff is available to guide patrons.
What languages do the staff speak here?
Are there extra beds at Nineteen 06 Mission?
Sadly, it does not have any lift options.
What breakfast options are available at Axiom Hotel?
No, Presidio Parkway Inn does not provide concierge service.
Is it possible to make a reservation?
The Inn at the Opera is a smoke free property.
Are you able to serve groups of people?
Yes, reservations are accepted here.
Azalina's does not accept Apple Pay.
Thank you! I'd also like an attraction in the Sunset District.
Roma Antica allows dogs.
Cash and credit cards are accepted as options for payment.
Sure, the zip code is 94109. Did you need anything else?
Does Pharaohs Mediterranean Sandwiches have high chairs available for babies?
The Grant Hotel ZIP code is 94108. Would you like to make a reservation there?
Yes, you can park your car at the Courtyard Hotel.
What about the first one, could I get the address please
Is BYOB an option at Yippee Noodle Bar?
Pacific Cafe is wheelchair accessible.
Can you bring your own alcoholic beverages to La Mimosa?
No, Turner's Kitchen is not recommended for groups.
Yes there is concierge service.
Can I order food for delivery?
Can I order food for delivery?
Can I order food for delivery?
No, takeout is not offered at One Seven.
The Benu restaurant does not contain any gluten free options.
Ask Restaurant does not offer delivery services.
ok thanks ummm so uhhh in addition i'd like to go to a restaurant with recommendation that has seafood in the same area in the price range in the cheap range
Greek, English, and Polish are spoken at the Acorn Guest House.
Bay Bridge Inn San Francisco is a smoke-free property with no designated smoking area.
Yes, can you search the entire city for a 3 star hotel, please?
How much to reserve a parking space?
How much to reserve a parking space?
How much to reserve a parking space?
How much to reserve a parking space?
How much to reserve a parking space?
How much to reserve a parking space?
How much to reserve a parking space?
How much to reserve a parking space?
How much to reserve a parking space?
How much to reserve a parking space?
Every room here has its own Wi-Fi ready.
Union Square concierge hours are open twenty four hours a day.
How much is parking?
How much is parking?
How much is parking?
How much is parking?
How much is parking?
The GrilledCheezguy is wheelchair accessible.
Check-in is from 3 pm at Hilton Parc 55 San Francisco Union Square.
Crepes on Cole has street parking.
Yes, there is concierge service available.
Do you have any outdoor seating available?
Do you have any outdoor seating available?
Do you have any outdoor seating available?
The noise level at Stix is generally average.
a daily housekeeping service is provided
Yippee Noodle Bar accepts Visa, American Express, and Mastercard as payment.
How much does Roam Artisan Burgers charge for delivery?
The fare for adult and child is $8 at Cable Car - Powell/Hyde Line.
Yes, HK Fusion takes reservations.
Yes, they provide dry cleaning at an extra charge.
Is there outdoor seating at Rajmahal for diners?
The Menu at COCUM does not have halal options.
The Progress does not offer happy hour.
The Subs restaurant has a casual ambience.
Yes, parking is free of charge at the Gonville Hotel where Cotto is located.
Is Tartine Bakery & Cafe good for kids?
It is not recommend if you have motion sickness.
Is there a TV there?
Is there a TV there?
Is there a TV there?
Is there a TV there?
How is the ambiance at Fable?
No, Ushio Ramen doesn't offer free WiFi.
No, the restaurant does not accept cryptocurrency.
Kasa Indian Eatery has vegan options.
Zuni Cafe does not offer free WiFi.
Does Travelodge by Wyndham Presidio San Francisco offer any breakfast options?
This hotel is disability accessible.
No, the Admiral Hotel is a smoke-free property
When is the front desk at Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Union Square open?
A $100 damage deposit is required upon arrival and refunded as long as there isn't any damage to the property.
Tom and Jerry's House is not wheelchair accessible.
The Tasty Pot does offer delivery service.
Hi! I would like to go to a museum in Fisherman's Wharf. Can you help me locate one please?
Will there be an extra bed for an extra guest?
Yes, an airport shuttle is available at Cow Hollow Inn and Suites.
Is bike parking available at Uno Dos Tacos?
The Saigon Sandwich restaurant does not take reservations.
Smoking is not allowed at Berber.
Can I make reservations at Zuni Cafe?
Yes, Aria Korean Street Food offered delivery service.
Is Subpar Miniature Golf good for kids?
Do you offer safety deposit boxes?
Yes, Shish Ke Baba has vegetarian friendly options.
WiFi is available for free at Holiday inn Express San Francisco-Union Square.
Outdoor seating is available at Saru Sushi Bar.
hi i'm looking for uh to plan a surprise birthday lunch for my friend in north beach uhhh she likes deli food but i also want it to be moderately priced
The Melt - 455 Market does not have vegetarian friendly options.
Umm, the moderate price range will be fine and make it a bed and breakfast if you can.
There will be basic WiFi service on the train, the ID is GreatNorthern_WiFi.
Can my small dog stay with me?
Does Bistro At The Cliff House accept Apple Pay?
Does the place have a dresscode?
Is this a good place for a group event?
Does Sala Thong have halal options?
Does City Centre North B and B have a lift?
Check in time is 11:00 to 21:00.
The payment options at Piccino are cash or credit card.
How much does it cost to park at Municipal Pier?
Does Frankie and Bennys offer take takeout?
Yes, Cuisine of Nepal serves beer and wine.
Is there park biking at A Mano?
Burma Love has modern and chic ambiance.
The Souvla does not accept Google Play.
Ok, the phone number is (415) 561-4323 and the zip code is 94129. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I want to go to a public market in Presidio
Does the Old Jerusalem Restaurant offer Car Parking?.
Loch Fyne accepts all major credit cards.
What is the noise level at Burmese Kitchen?
Does Bernal Heights Park have a dog play area?
Piccolo Forno has a casual dress code.
Bike parking is available to use at Bella Trattoria.
Can I order takeout at KoJa Kitchen?
Beer & Wine only, but no other alcohol is offered at Oasis Cafe.
The BEI Hotel San Francisco offers a parking garage and Secure Parking on site.
Does Proposition Chicken have any vegan meals on the menu?
Google Pay is not accepted at Seven Hills.
Lands End Lookout has a trail length of 3.4 miles.
What parking does Fable offer?
Does the hotel have 1 star rating?
how about the Golden gate bridge
Is there street parking at Boba Guys?
Craftsman and Wolves does offer happy hour.
American Express, Visa, MasterCard, DIners Club, JCB, , Discover and Union Pay are accepted by Ram's Hotel.
The zip code for Club Donatello is 94102.
The Leverton House does not provide dry cleaning service.
Will there be parking options once I arrive?
Does Aria Korean Street Food take reservations?
Is there any restaurant or bar onsite at Chelsea Inn?
Is a concierge service available at Carolina Bed and Breakfast?
When can I check into my room?
When can I check into my room?
Helmand Palace does not accept Apple Pay.
Hi, what exactly is the dress code there at Piccolo Forno?
Staff speak English and Hindi.
Yes, I have one here for you it's the Axiom Hotel.
Yes, outdoor seating is available here.
Is there outdoor seating at The Italian Homemade Company?
Does Thai Time Restaurant offer WiFi?
Pho Huynh Hiep 2 - Kevin's Noodle House does not take reservations.
Do you have parking for a bike available?
If we have a guest in a wheelchair, do you have rooms to accommodate them?
Yes, The Cheesecake Factory offers vegetarian options.
Does the RESTAURANT TWO TWO. offer Free Wifi?
English and Spanish are spoken at Columbus Inn.
Can you smoke at the Twin Peaks Hotel?
Can I order delivery at Sam Wo Restaurant?
There are no extra charges for pets.
No, meeting/banquet facilities are unavailable.
Are there any coffee or tea maker at the site?
Kirkwood House does not provide any luggage storage service.
Can we bring our own alcohol to drink at Pizza Hut City Centre?
Aliment is a wheelchair accessible establishment.
No, BYOB is not possible at The Copper Kettle.
Yes, disability access rooms are available at Hyatt Regency San Francisco.
What type of store is available at the onsite?
The parking at The Lensfield Hotel is street parking so there are no reservations.
do you know if they offer delivery
Is The San Francisco Museum of Modern Art good for kids?
Fayala has television services.
Pizzetta 211 does have vegan friendly options.
Lucky Pig accepts Credit card,Google Pay, and Apple Pay.
Azalina's has delivery available.
Delivery service is not offered at Marlowe.
Is Lucky Pig wheelchair accessible?
Yes, you can park at this hotel
The Adelaide Hostel has room options for one to four people.
Does Woodhouse Fish take reservations?
What is the check in time at the Luz Hotel?
Can I park my car at Carriage Inn?
Can we get wifi during our visit?
There is no zoo in the area but Alamo Square Park is very popular. Would like more information?
SALA THONG does not have halal options.
Do you offer vegan friendly options at your cafe?
The Cheesecake Factory does not offer free WiFi
Yes please include the zip code and phone number.
Charges may apply if bringing pets to The Fairmont Heritage Place.
Delivery service is offered at Falafelland.
There are no safety deposit boxes at Worth House.
WiFi at Yale Hotel is free.
Does The Melt accept Apple Pay?
Is Woodhouse Fish wheelchair accessible?
No outdoor seating is available at this restaurant.
Yes, they offer take-out as an option.
Does the restaurant accept Apple pay?
Aha Fresh is not good for groups.
Yes Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine offers delivery service.
Brenda's Meat & Three offers high chairs.
Yes, it does take reservations.
Yes, it does take reservations.
Do you offer vegetarian entrees on your menu?
Average noise level at Pier Market Seafood Restaurant.
Public parking is available nearby and charges apply.  No reservations.
Is Tom and Jerry's House wheelchair accessible?
State Bird Provisions does not offer takeout.
Phone number is (415) 750-3600 and address is 100 34th Avenue
parking costs $65 daily at San Francisco Proper Hotel
Can I get my wheelchair up to your building and inside as well?
Pizza Hut Fen Ditton is not wheelchair accessible.
Is there any street parking at Bursa?
Is there a security deposit required at Leverton House?
The Andrews Hotel does offer room service.
Does Outerlands accept crypocurrency?
No, Benu does not accept Google Pay.
Is Pizza Hut City Center deliver Pizza?
Sorry they do not serve alcohol.
No, It is dog-free zone.
No, this facility does not accept Google Pay.
Is there live music at La Margherita?
Noise level is u
Are you a cash-only establishment?
Can I make reservations at Nob Hill Cafe?
KoJa Kitchen offers street parking.
When is check-out time at St. Regis San Francisco?
Yes. the Nob Hill Motor Inn has lift.
Is there any good expensive restaurant in the same area?
Do I need to reserve a parking space?
hi there i'm planning to go to san francisco next week ummm is there a zoo i can go to in lakeshore
Does  SESAME RESTAURANT AND BAR have gluten free food?
Yes, they have happy hour here with a full bar.
There is no outdoor seating at Cotto.
The Saigon Sandwich restaurant has an ambience that can be considered casual and classy.
No, Warakubune Sushi does not offer happy hour.
Sure. Their zip code is 94102.
There are extra beds at a price of $40 per night
There are 4 languages spoken at this hotel.
Unfortunately, extra beds are not available here.
Does SF Honey Pig Korean BBQ have a happy hour?
Can my child do the check in?
No Restaurant Two Two does not have halal options.
Can I stay with my kids?
Kitava allows wheelchair.
Tacorea is good for kids
The Lucky Star does not offer delivery service.
sure i'll be happy to help with that i'm noticing one park in russian hill and it's called ina coolbrith park
Howdy, are you guys a good option for dining with children?
What is served for breakfast?
Is there parking near or at Panahar?
There is a fitness center at the Fairmont San Francisco.
Bite does offer take-out ordering.
Do you have temperature controls in the room?
Yes, TV is available at Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen.
San Francisco Dungeon offers a military discount.
Do i need a reservation and is there a charge for parking?
Bistro At The Cliff House does off free WiFi.
Does  The Progress have outdoor seating?.
Does Delicious Dim Sum have happy hour?
Does Nick's Crispy Tacos accept dogs?
Are pets allowed at Good Hotel?
There are vegan options.
yeah let me take a look for you. i found one place and it's called franciscan crab restaurant
Yes, Mensho Tokyo is a good option for groups.
Are the rooms at the Holiday Inn Express San Francisco-Union Square air conditioned?
Are dogs allowed at Ferry Building Marketplace?
There are several pools at this property.
TV is not available at Kung Food.
English and Spanish are spoken at Club Quarters Hotel in San Francisco.
Can I park my bike at Madame Tussauds San Francisco?
Kung Food does have bike parking.
how much does parking cost?
Yes, Taboun is good for groups.
No dogs allowed at Souvla.
Can I bring my dog to Piccolo Forno?
Rooms are heated at the Hotel Nikko San Francisco
Are there bike options for parking available?
Is Baker Beach good for kids?
The ambiance at Pier Market Seafood Restaurant is casual, touristy, and classy.
Does Bay Bridge Inn San Francisco provide any shuttle service?
Is there a TV at Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen?
Yes, Children are allowed to be booked at the hotel.
Do your guests have access to a kitchen?
Hi,  can you let me know if it is possible to get an extra bed?
There are no designated smoking areas at Holiday Inn San Francisco- Golden Gateway.
Madame Tussauds San Francisco is open from 10:00 am to 8:00 pm each every day.
There is no designated smoking area at The Fairmont Heritage Place Ghirardelli Square, it is non-smoking throughout.
The Gardenia has vegetarian options.
Check-in time is at 4:00pm.
Pushkin does not offer happy hour.
No, I don't have a brand preference. Could you recommend one for me?
Is your establishment wheelchair accessible?
Is your establishment wheelchair accessible?
Is your establishment wheelchair accessible?
Is your establishment wheelchair accessible?
Is there a lift at Finches Bed and Breakfast?
Guests must be 21 to check-in at Hotel Del Sol, a Joie de Vivre Hotel.
Do you serve more than just soda?
what sort of deposit is required?
What is the ambiance of Lovejoy's Tea Room?
INDIA HOUSE does not offer take-out ordering.
Do they have parking available?
Can I make a reservation at Blind Butcher?
Dry cleaning service is not provided at Autumn House.
Is Crab House at Pier 39 a good place to bring a group?
Is there outdoor seating available for diners?
WiFi is free of charge at the White Swan Inn.
They take VISA and Mastercard.
Do you have any parking by the restaurant?
Is there parking available for cars at Cornell Hotel de France and are there any additional charges.
Is there a dress code at De Afghanan Kabob House?
The ambience of Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant is considered casual and classy.
The breakfasts served at The Cambridge Belfry are continental, vegetarian, English/Irish and gluten free.
Do you have a concierge that is available?
Does your restaurant serve alcohol?
Do you have free WiFi there?
Hi can my dog stay with me?
Is there free WiFi available?
Is there free WiFi available?
Is there free WiFi available?
Is there free WiFi available?
There is no onsite swimming pool at Arbury Lodge Guesthouse.
Is there wheel chair access here?
Okay, can you just give me a different hotel that meets my requirements?
The ambiance of Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen is casual and trendy.
No, there is no outdoor seating.
No, there is no outdoor seating.
No, there is no outdoor seating.
No, there is no outdoor seating.
Papito Hayes has vegeterian friendly options.
I found New Fortune Restaurant for you, is in the cheap range and serves chinese food.
This facility accepts cash, credit cards, and Google Pay.
What is the price range for this hotel?
sure i could also recommend to you the haas-lilienthal house
Is WiFi service available at Cova Hotel?
Is smoking allowed at the hotel?
Cambridge Lodge Restaurant offers free off-street parking.
Bloomsbury Restaurant is not wheelchair accessible.
The Aida Plaza Hotel doesn't offer extra beds.
BYOB is not possible at The Missing Sock.
Is there bike parking at Hard Knox Cafe?
There is free parking at Alpha-Milton guest house
The HI San Francisco City Center Hostel does not offer extra beds.
This hotel does provide dry cleaning service for an additional charge.
Alexander's Steakhouse is good for groups.
I want it to be an expensive hotel but if you can't find one I'll settle for one in a moderate price range instead.
Are there vegan friendly options available at Kitchen Story?
at six it looks to be really busy time is there a different time i can check
Does the shiraz restaurant have wheelchair access?
Is the hotel heated?
The Saffron Brasserie has gluten free options.
When do you have live music?
Can I park my car at Mission Dolores Basilica/San Francisco de Asis?
Free parking is available onsite.
Yes, the Amsterdam fits that criteria. What days would you like to stay?
You will have to find street parking near Foreign Cinema they do not have a parking lot.
May I smoke in my hotel room?
Curry Garden does not have gluten free options.
Breakfast is a light inter-continental meal that is available from 7:30a - 10:30a
Is there a garden in the area?
Yes, it is free and available in all areas
Yes, I need some help finding a cheap, 1 star hotel in North Beach.
Does Pier Market Seafood Restaurant accept Apple Pay?
Are extra beds available for use at this hotel?
Do you have facilities to accommodate a business meeting?
Yes, Presidio Kebab offers take-out ordering.
Does Coqueta accept Google Play?
How much does it cost to get an extra bed?
Is your restaurant kid friendly?
Is your restaurant kid friendly?
Is your restaurant kid friendly?
Hyde Street Beach has street parking.
Yes, Umami Burger Soma District offers free WiFi.
What time is check in time ?
Shanghai Family Restaurant is not wheelchair accessible.
What types of credit does Alimentum accept?
Noe's Nest Bed and Breakfast offers housekeeping on a daily basis.
Does The Front Porch accept Google Pay?
How is your guys noise?
How is your guys noise?
Does GOURMET BURGER KITCHEN offer delivery services?
Zazie's ambiance is casual but classy.
The front desk at JW Marriott San Francisco Union Square is open for 24 hours.
What is the ambience at Plaj Scandinavian Restaurant & Bar like?
Yes, the Travelodge by Wyndham Presidio San Francisco offers free WiFi.
That sounds great! What is the length of the trail at Lands End Lookout?
Yes, Asian Box offers take-out.
Delivery is available at Nopalito.
Pipasha Restaurant does not offer halal options.
The Ferry Building Bike Rentals is open every day from 9:00 am to 6:00 pm.
Does Caffe Uno have highchairs for babies?
Yes, they accept Apple Pay.
is there storage for my bags?
Yes, Little Gem is good for kids.
Do you have room service?
Do you have room service?
Do you have room service?
Do you have room service?
Do you have room service?
Do you have room service?
Do you have room service?
Do you have room service?
The check-in time at Bridge Guest House is between 4:00pm and 6:00pm.
La Mimosa does not offer take-out ordering.
The front desk at the Cambridge Belfry is open for 24 hours.
They have private parking on site for $55 per day but do not take reservations for parking.
What sort of accessible parking is available?
The YU GARDEN does not offer any alcohol.
Does every room have Wi-FI?
Check-in time is 2 pm to 12 am.
Yes, it is open 24 hours.
There is public parking available on site and costs $62 a day, reservations aren't possible.
American Express, Visa, Mastercard, Maestro, and Discover cards are accepted by the Yale Hotel.
Fog Harbor Fish House has a touristy and classy ambience.
New Ertirea Restaurant & Bar offers a full bar.
Bac Lieu Restaurant does have outdoor seating.
can I order take out?
Yes they do have luggage storage service
Rooster & Rice is good for kids.
The BEI Hotel San Franciso is listed as having a Fitness center.
Is Apple Pay okay?
Is Apple Pay okay?
Is Apple Pay okay?
Is Apple Pay okay?
Is Apple Pay okay?
Is Apple Pay okay?
Yes, all major credit cards are accepted at this hotel. Would you like me to help you make a reservation?
What is the noise level at Kitava?
Is there concierge service at Kimpton Sir Francis Drake Hotel?
Anatolia does not offer any gluten free options.
The Italian Homemade Company does not have TV.
Can you smoke anywhere at The Suits?
I am planning a trip to San Francisco. Can you help me find a cheap place to stay in Chinatown?
Does Bella Trattoria have high chairs for babies?
Is there workout rooms available onsite?
Can I watch the game on a TV at Blue Barn Gourmet?
Smoking is not allowed at Aida Plaza Hotel.
Free parking is available at the Luz Hotel.
What landmarks are there in San Francisco?
What is the average noise level at Fayala?
Is Foreign Cinema a goog option for kids?
No, Besharam does not accept Cryptocurrency.
What is the ambience like?
What is the ambience like?
What is the ambience like?
What is the ambience like?
Yes, French is one of the languages spoken at this hotel. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Souvla offers free WiFi.
Sam Wo Restaurant has average noise level.
What payment methods are accepted at The Rotunda?
Winsor Hotel does not offer extra beds.
Does The Gandhi accept reservations?
Does MaMa Ji's accept Apple Pay?
La Tasca does not offer free WiFi.
I'm sorry, there are no landmarks in that area. Can I find another attraction for you?
Noise level is average at Fable.
What is the check in time at The Grove Inn?
Tables can be pushed together, but call first for a group of more than 8 or so
Hinodeya Ramen Bar offers highchairs for babies.
Does your hotel offer free parking?
Pakwan Restaurant is good for groups.
Do you have delivery service there?
There is no laundry facility at Carolina Bed and Breakfast.
ok uhhh for the san francisco zoo can you get me the address and the phone number
Awesome, do you know whether Vallejo Street Steps has parking facilities available?
Carolina Bed and Breakfast does have a spa onsite.
How can I book a room?
Yes, Wifi is free at the Kimpton Sir Francis Drake Hotel.
of course they are located at twenty four hundred polk street and their zip code is nine four one zero nine
Yes, SAINT JOHNS CHOP HOUSE is a wheelchair accessible restaurant.
Can you give me the phone number and address?
La Mimosa has gluten free options.
how about coit tower is that location dog friendly
Is there a parking lot?
Yes, is there bike parking at Fort Point?
La Taqueria is suitable for groups.
Can I get alcohol at Han Il Kwan?
The Boudin Bakery & Cafe serves Beer & Wine Only.
Hard Knox Cafe is not by appointment only.
The Warfield Hotel provides daily housekeeping service.
Unfortunately, on site parking is not available. However, there is street parking available.
The confirmation code is M97I0S. Can I help you with anything else?
Wherecis heating listed?
Guests can use a public parking area near the hotel for $66.12/day.
Take-out ordering is available at Fable.
There is no parking at Cable Car - Powell/Mason Line.
Is there a kitchenette in the rooms?
Are there any gluten free options available?
It does not state that it has a lift. It has facilities for the disabled.
There are no breakfast options at Aida Plaza Hotel.
I have the San Francisco Zoo in the Lakeshore area. Would you like more information?
Yes for high chairs.
There us no age restriction to check-in at Howard Johnson by Wyndham San Francisco Marina District.
Do you accept visa?
Does The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill have vegetarian options available?
I'm not looking for a place to eat. I'm looking for a moderately priced hotel in Fisherman's Wharf. Do you have any recommendations?
Loch Fyne has high chairs.
Reservation service is offered at Nick's Crispy Tacos.
How much does admission cost for adults and children at the Exploratorium?
Yes, the Hyatt Regency San Francisco has a designated smoking area.
Their phone number is (415) 983-8030. What else can I help you with today?
Bridge Guest House has free parking.
Use of WiFi is free.
The minimum check-in age is 18.
I want a hotel in Marina
There is a spa onsite at the Gonville Hotel.
Is Cryptocurrency accepted at Craftsman and Wolves?
No, Cordon Bleu does not accept Google Pay.
Is there wifi?
The Grafton Hotel Restaurant does not offer take-out ordering.
Average noise level at Thai House Express.
Are dogs allowed at DragonEats?
The check-in time at Parker Guest House is 3:00 PM to 8:00PM.
Is there a happy hour here?
Is there a happy hour here?
Does State Bird Provisions have any happy hour specials?
Is alcohol served at Piccino?
What is your ambience like?
What is your ambience like?
What is your ambience like?
The Americania Hotel does not offer extra beds.
What hours is San Francisco City Hall open?
Yes, San Francisco Museum of Modern Art offers free WiFi.
What languages are spoken at Kensington Park Hotel?
There is no fitness center at the Hamilton lodge.
Does the hotel allow children to stay?
Smokin' Warehouse Barbecue - Sacramento Street is good for kids.
Is wifi available and how much is it at Holiday Inn San Francisco?
No, Souvla does not accept Cryptocurrency.
is there storage for my luggage?
Piccolo Forno does offer take-out ordering.
What is the minimum age for check-in at Inn at the Opera?
No, they do not accept Apple Pay as an option.
No, there are no TVs in Little Gem's establishment.
yeah there is a park in fact it's called twin peaks
Can you accommodate groups?
Can I bring my dog to Pharaohs?
Is private parking free?
Does Alamo Square Seafood Grill accept Apple Pay?
Does Darrys cookhouse and wine shop offer free wifi?
Can I bring my dog to Besharam?
Yes, Tacorea has TV in the restaurant.
Are there any restaurant or bar available?
Are there any restaurant or bar available?
The check-out time at the Axiom Hotel is 12:00PM.
The Days Inn by Wyndham San Francisco Downtown/Civic Center Area doesn't take reservations for parking
There is no shuttle service at Marriott Fishermans Wharf.
Pizza Express Fen Ditton does not have gluten free options.
Yes, vegan menu options are available here.
Is Apple Pay taken at Sessions at the Presidio?
Is LA MARGHERITA wheelchair accessible?
Yes, de Young is good for kids.
Hello, does the Royal Spice offer free WiFi?
Meghna does offer delivery service.
Alexander's Steakhouse does offer Happy Hour.
Yes, Museum Of 3D Illusions provides free WiFi.
Is cryptocurrency accepted there?
Does Kokkari Estiatorio take reservations?
Sorry, there's no military discount available at Basa Seafood Express.
Yes, Outerlands has vegan-friendly menu options.
Chelsea Inn has available parking in their parking garage.
How long will you be staying and is it for business or leisure?
Do they allow dogs?
Yes, meeting and banquet facilities are available for an extra charge.
Does Acorn Guest House provide any shuttle service?
Do you have any Halal options offered?
Do I need reservation to park at this site?
Do I need reservation to park at this site?
There is public parking available at the Hilton San Francisco Financial District.
A and B Guest House does have parking.
Vegan friendly options are available at Sumac.
Are there any vegetarian dishes on the menu?
There is free WiFi available in all areas at Club Quarters Hotel in San Francisco.
There is free wifi available at Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge.
Is the environment at Shalimar kid-friendly?
Hey, can you tell me what the ambience there is?
What's the address?
Is Bay City Bike Rentals and Tours wheelchair accessible?
Is Bay City Bike Rentals and Tours wheelchair accessible?
Are there safety deposit boxes in the rooms at A and B Guest House?
They speak English.
My I suggest the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art?
Is cryptocurrency accepted at Frascati?
What is the breakfast served at Kimpton Sir Francis Drake Hotel?
Turner's Kitchen doesn't offer delivery service to customers.
Does The Melt - 455 Market offer delivery service?
Does this restaurant offer delivery?
There is beer and wine at Birdsong.
Eraina does not serve any alcohol.
Will your front desk be open after hours?
Is Tacos El Patron wheelchair friendly?
Can I park my bike at Yoda Fountain at Lucasfilm?
Street parking is available for cars at La Taqueria.
Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen does not offer delivery.
The noise level at Piccolo Forno is average.
Can we bring our own wine to the galleria?
The rooms at Hotel Boheme are heated.
I would like The Flyer.
Do you guys offer free wifi for customers?
Kitchen Istanbul does serve alcohol.
Can you tell me what type of ambience there is at Saigon Sandwich?
Does Lovejoy's Tea Room offer happy hour?
There is an area where smokers can go and smoke.
I really like Kin Khao. Would you like to set a reservation?
Do you have any rooms that are accessible to disabled guests?
Yes, SF Honey Pig Korean BBQ has high chairs for babies.
How loud is it at DragonEats?
The options at Curry Prince are not vegetarian friendly.
Wifi is available at The Varsity Restaurant.
Are alcoholic beverages served at Graffiti?
What is the cost of parking at the site?
What is the cost of parking at the site?
What is the cost of parking at the site?
What is the cost of parking at the site?
What is the cost of parking at the site?
What is the cost of parking at the site?
What is the cost of parking at the site?
What is the cost of parking at the site?
What is the cost of parking at the site?
What is the cost of parking at the site?
What is the cost of parking at the site?
What is the cost of parking at the site?
What is the cost of parking at the site?
What is the cost of parking at the site?
What is the cost of parking at the site?
What is the cost of parking at the site?
What is the cost of parking at the site?
What is the cost of parking at the site?
What is the cost of parking at the site?
What is the cost of parking at the site?
What is the cost of parking at the site?
What is the cost of parking at the site?
What is the cost of parking at the site?
What is the cost of parking at the site?
What is the cost of parking at the site?
What is the cost of parking at the site?
What is the cost of parking at the site?
What is the cost of parking at the site?
What is the cost of parking at the site?
What is the cost of parking at the site?
What is the cost of parking at the site?
What is the cost of parking at the site?
What is the cost of parking at the site?
What is the cost of parking at the site?
What is the cost of parking at the site?
totally i found a great spot that serves vegan food it's called the flying falafel
The 16th Avenue Tiled Steps is in Inner Sunset would you like more details?
What is the noise level at Rin's Thai Restaurant?
Heat is provided in the hotel rooms.
Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen accepts Apple Pay.
Is Proposition Chicken a good place to take my kids?
Check-out time at the Lensfield Hotel is between 7 am and 11:30 am.
The rooms at the Union Square Plaza Hotel are heated.
Is there any place for smokers to smoke?
Yes, The Rotunda is good for groups.
The maximum number of extra beds and cribs allowed depends on the room you choose. Double-check your selected room for the maximum capacity.
I need to find a place to eat in the North Beach area.
Parking is only available at Street for B on the Go.
Is Pica Pica Arepa Kitchen good for groups?
Is there outdoor seating at Rice Boat?
Do you offer a military discount?
Is it ok to bring a group there?
What payment options does Pushkin accept?
Sam Wo Restaurant does not allow dogs.
The Pizzetta 211 restaurant does not offer happy hours.
Where should we park for your restaurant?
Are high chairs available for use at Shish Ke Baba?
What is the charge for WiFi at Gonville Hotel?
Mahal of Cambridge offers free off-street parking that is validated.
Are the rooms individually heated?
Sure, there are a few options. How does Magowan's Infinite Mirror Maze sound?
I have found four North Beach hotels for you. Do you have a preference as far as price range or hotel rating?
Free off street parking is available at Restaurant Two Two.
Hey, I wanted to find out if there's free WiFi there.
There is no restaurant or bar onsite at CITYROOMZ.
Yippee Noodle Bar does not have outdoor seating.
I was wondering if you had any dining options while staying there?
Credit cards are accepted by The Clift Royal Sonesta San Francisco. They accept Visa, Master Card, American Express, Discover and JCB.
Yes, you are able to park your bike at Cuisine of Nepal.
What are the business hours for the Conservatory of Flowers?
Is there a fitness center or gym available onsite?
Leopold has casual and classy ambience.
I found Fitzgerald Hotel Union Square and Grant Hotel	 both with moderate pricerange and 2 stars.
Cote serves beer, cider, wine, etc.
Is there daily housekeeping at Winsor Hotel?
Is this good for a vegetarian?
Can you tell me what de Young's admission fee is?
Pho 2000 has no vegetarian friendly options I'm afraid.
Suggested attire at Aziza is casual.
Are visits by appointment only?
How much is reserved parking?
A fitness center is available onsite for guests of The Fairmont Heritage Place Ghirardelli Square.
You can use a credit card to pay at GRAFFITI.
Beit Rima offers take-out.
Is the Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant good?
Presidio Kebab does not have TV.
How much will a ticket cost to visit the Contemporary Jewish Museum?
No, Delivery is not offered.
No, WiFi is unavailable.
Take-out ordering is available at Kung Food.
There is no outdoor seating available at this establishment.
Yes, Jiangnan Cuisine is a good place for kids.
Does Kitava accept Apple Pay?
Do you have any gluten free options available?
Daily housekeeping is available at Presidio Parkway Inn
Is the Aquarium wheelchair accessible?
Yes, bike parking is available.
Yes, bike parking is available.
Yes, bike parking is available.
Yes, bike parking is available.
Yes, bike parking is available.
Yes, bike parking is available.
Yes, bike parking is available.
Yes, bike parking is available.
Yes, bike parking is available.
Yes, bike parking is available.
Do you offer vegetarian options?
Do you offer vegetarian options?
At Sessions at the Presidio, are groups good?
Does Axiom Hotel provide any shuttle service?
No, there is only street parking at Glaze Teriyaki.
What are the available facilities at Rosa's Bed and Breakfast?
cool is it kid friendly i've got three kids with me
yes they have high chairs
yes they have high chairs
No, Turner's Kitchen doesn't accept Apple Pay.
The Missing Sock does not offer delivery services.
Is there delivery offered?
Is there delivery offered?
Is there delivery offered?
Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar offers happy hour special for its customers.
Alexander Bed and Breakfast does not offer accessibility to the disabled.
Does Takara Sushi take reservations?
Is Um Ma Son noisy, or is is easy to have a conversation?
The phone number is (415) 433-9111. Do you need more information or would you like to make a reservation?
Continental and American breakfast options are available at Inter Continental San Francisco.
their zip code is nine four one three three and their phone number is four one five nine two eight eighteen forty nine
The restaurant Saffron 685 does offer take-out meals.
Yes, front desk staff are available 24 hours to guests.
Does Hakka have vegetarian options?
Meeting and banquest facilities are available for a fee.
Yes, Woodhouse Fish is wheelchair accessible.
Arbury Lodge Guesthouse does not provide a daily housekeeping service.
Casual, trendy and classy could be used to describe the ambiance at Beit Rima.
How is the dress code?
You can park your bike at Rooster & Rice.
Yes the rooms are heated
Can we bring our own beer?
Rusty's Southern does have high chairs for babies. You have to special request them. I believe they are off to the side.
Which credit cards are accepted?
Accepts credit cards and apple pay
No television is available at Benu.
Are there alcoholic beverages served at Franciscan Crab Restaurant?
Can i park on premises?
The Dumpling Kitchen accepts credit cards, Apple Pay and cash.
Rooms with disability access are available.
Do you accept Apple Pay as a payment option?
Do you accept Apple Pay as a payment option?
Do you accept Apple Pay as a payment option?
Do you accept Apple Pay as a payment option?
There is only street parking available for Jasmine Garden.
Is there parking available for cars at the Kimpton Sir Francis Drake Hotel?
Yes, Mount Davidson Park is good for kids.
What languages does Grant Plaza Hotel staff speak?
Yes, Burma Love has a full bar.
Curry Prince does not serve alcohol.
Avalon does not have its own restaurant or bar.
Does the hotel offer shuttle service?
What is the cost of parking at this location?
What are your payment options at Kohinoor?
Alcohol is not served at Hot Sauce and Panko.
Would you find me a place I can go hiking in Sea Cliff?
What's the ambiance like there?
No alcohol is served in Shalimar.
Yes, Pizza Express has free WiFi
I need a place to eat in North Beach
Do you provide on-site WiFi?
Is there TV at Cinderella Bakery & Cafe?
Bulgara does offer take-out ordering.
No, Picaro doesn't have TV.
English and Greek are the languages spoken here.
hmmm ok ummm can i please get the address
Is free breakfast served for guests?
What time can I check into my room?
What time can I check into my room?
what payment options does pizza express offer?
Does the Kasa Indian Eatery have Car Parking?
Yes Fog Harbor Fish House accept Apple Pay.
Do you have concierge service?
Do you have concierge service?
Do you have concierge service?
Do you have concierge service?
This is a smoke free property.
Yes, takeout is available at this establishment.
Does the Marlowe accept Apple Pay?
The dress code at Walt Disney Family Museum is casual.
WiFi is not available at KoJa Kitchen.
Is dry cleaning available at this establishment?
Yes there is, but there is an additional charge for it.
Street parking is available at Presidio Kebab
Am I able to reserve a parking spot ahead of time?
Is takeout available there?
Can I use cryptocurrency to pay at Kaiju Eats Ramen and Izakaya?
Do you have BYOB?
Do you have BYOB?
Do you have BYOB?
Do you have BYOB?
Do you have BYOB?
Do you have BYOB?
Do you have BYOB?
Do you have BYOB?
Do you have BYOB?
Do you have BYOB?
sure let me see here. ok so in fisherman's wharf there is one museum it's called ripley's believe it or not
Does the Cheesecake Factory have a happy hour?
Yes, Saint Johns Chop House serves alcohol.
The Snug has bike parking.
Yes, they take reservation.
Does Kohinoor ever have any live music?
None of their rooms offer disability access.
I found one bed and breakfast, called Petite Auberge. It is moderately priced and has 3 stars.
No, you cannot get delivery from Khamsa.
La Mediterranee has a casual dress code.
New Fortune Restaurant does not accept Cryptocurrency.
The Taboun restaurant does offer free WiFi.
Hi! Can you help me book a 3 star hotel in Union Square please?
The ambience is hipster, casual
Does Plaj Scandinavian Restaurant & Bar have TV?
Hobsons house has no smoking throughout.
Is cryptocurrency offered.
Hops & Hominy offers take-out and delivery online.
sorry, we don't have any cheap, 1 Star Motels in Fisherman's. Would you like me to check for a higher star rating, or a different area?
A security deposit of GBP 50 per night is required at Gonville Hotel.
According to amenities and reviews, it is good for groups
Where can I pick up my ticket?
How much does the admission ticket to Ripley's Believe It or Not! cost for kids and adults?
When do I have to vacat the room?
Ambience of Octavia is classy.
Oasis Cafe doesn't support Google Pay.
Taqueria Los Coyotes does not accept Google Pay.
Fisherman's Wharf does not offer extra beds.
Is there a housekeeping service?
May I have bike parking details for Hidden Garden Steps?
Bike parking is available at the Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine.
Does Mars Bar & Restaurant have free WiFi?
oh man can you suggest another place to go to then
Is parking available at this hotel?
No, there is no happy hour.
No, there is no happy hour.
The noise level at Shalimar is average.
The ambience of Cordon Bleu is divey and classy.
The Flying Falafel does not take reservations.
Does Autumn House offer dry cleaning service?
The noise level at Pharaohs Mediterranean Sandwiches is average.
Yes. What The Cluck offers take-out ordering.
What are my options for breakfast?
Which credit cards are accept at HAKKA?
Does New Fortune Restaurant serve alcohol?
Do you have wifi available at the restaurant?
What's the atmosphere like in your restaurant?
Picaro does not accept Apple Pay.
Yes, Lovell Lodge is a pet friendly hotel.
Cambridge Lodge Restaurant does not offer free WiFi.
No, Good Mong Kok Bakery does not have outdoor seating.
Does Park Tavern have a full bar with a happy hour?
Yes, Manna has take-out available.
Does The Little Chihuahua have Car Parking?
The Alembic does have vegetarian friendly options.
Delivery is not available for Bulgara.
Delivery service is offered by The Italian Homemade Company.
Hi, do you take reservations?
Yes, I need the address and phone number for Sutro Baths. Thanks!
Yes, Kitchen Istanbul offers take-out.
Do you serve a free breakfast?
Do you serve a free breakfast?
Does Inn on Broadway provide room service?
Does La Mediterranee accept Apple Pay?
Do you have seating for babies?
Khamsa has bike parking.
Extra beds are not available at the Taylor Hotel San Francisco.
Yes Burma Love does offers take out through Caviar and Doordash delivery service.
Apple Pay is not accepted at Champa Garden.
When is the front desk opened at HI San Francisco Downtown Hostel?
Hi I was wondering what gluten free option you have?
Apple Pay is not accepted at Chubby Noodle.
The menu does not have gluten free options.
Does Tanguito offer happy hour?
Does The Clift Royal Sonesta San Francisco offer meeting and banquet facilities?
What laundry services are offered at Kirkwood House?
Is the restaurant wheelchair accessible?
Is the restaurant wheelchair accessible?
Is the restaurant wheelchair accessible?
There is no phone number available, but this is the address 10 Bernal Heights Blvd, 94110
Street and garage parking is available at Cool Cravings.
Is the Wifi at The Front Porch?
What time is check-check out?
Does Bac Lieu Restaurant allow dogs?
uhhh yeah what about another places in san francisco
Languages available at the Cable Car Hotel are English, Spanish and French
The European Hostel does not offer extra beds.
Yippee Noodle Bar does not offer free WiFi.
Does The Ramp offer bicycle parking?
Are there any vegan friendly options available at Hops & Hominy?
Bay Subs & Deli does not serve alcohol.
How is the ambience of Hard Knox Cafe?
No, Arbury Lodge Guesthouse does not have any room with disability access.
Do you guys offer bike parking?
Do you guys offer bike parking?
Do you guys offer bike parking?
Do you guys offer bike parking?
Do you guys offer bike parking?
Do you guys offer bike parking?
Do you guys offer bike parking?
Do you guys offer bike parking?
Alcohol is limited to beer and wine only at Fable.
Can we sit outside there?
Is there a wheelchair access at Bac Lieu Restaurant?
Nick's Crispy Tacos does not allow dogs.
Do you have halal options?
Do you have halal options?
Do you have halal options?
Do you have halal options?
Do you have halal options?
Do you have halal options?
The Balmy Street Murals, and Clarion Alley are two of the most popular landmarks. Would you like more information about them?
What languages are spoken by the staff?
What languages are spoken by the staff?
There is no outdoor seating at Tilak.
I would like Thai food.
alright and do they deliver
Are credit cards accepted by you guys?
What are the hours of operation for 7D Experience?
Highchairs for babies are not available at Caffe Uno.
I want to see local flavor in San Francisco.
The Lensfield Hotel accepts Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Maestro and Solo.
Shuttle service is provided at Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf.
Does The View Lounge offer delivery service?
ok what about the tenderloin area
Little Gem does have vegan options.
I was wondering if you offer both smoking and non smoking rooms?
Are there halal options on the menu at Restaurant Alimentum?
The ambiance of Kitchen Istanbul is casual and classy.
english, spanish and chinese are spoken
What's the ambience of Kitava?
Is there Wifi at the Nineteen 06 Mission?
Gregangelo's Velocity Arts & Entertainment accepts cash only.
Sounds good. Does it have any breakfast option?
The check-in time at the Hotel Riu Plaza Fisherman's Wharf is at 3:00pm.
Warkworth house allows check in after 3:00pm.
There are not areas for meetings or banquets at Hamilton Lodge.
got it thanks do you know if they require some kind of security deposit to book a room
Is there parking at Dumpling Kitchen?
How is the noise level at Old Jerusalem Restaurant?
You cannot park your car at The 16th Avenue Tiled Steps.
The address is 145 Jefferson St.
What is the minimum height to ride at The Flyer?
Thanks. I'm also looking for a park in that same area.
Does Seven Hills have a t.v.?
sure i'd be happy to look into that for you let me see what's available. sir i'm finding quite a bit of locations how about the club donatello in union square it's got four stars
Is the Good Mong Kok Bakery a good place for kids?
Sam Wo Restaurant does not have outdoor seating available.
There are no age restrictions at The Wharf Inn.
Are there specials for happy hour?
do you allow smoking?
They offer take-out orders at Hinodeya Ramen Bar.
Are there any Halal options at Taj Tandoori?
The minimum height to ride 7D Experience is 40 inches.
Hi, are there any TV's in the restaurant?
Private parking is available on site (reservation is not needed) and costs USD 40 per day.
Private parking is available on site (reservation is not needed) and costs USD 40 per day.
Bike parking is available at Hops & Hominy.
DragonEats accepts cash or credit cards as forms of payment.
Is smoking allowed?
Is smoking allowed?
Is smoking allowed?
Is smoking allowed?
Does The Kitava have TV?
No dogs are allowed here. Would you still like to visit?
Does The Front Porch offer vegan friendly options?
What is the noise level at MaMa Ji's?
The Hotel Kabuki, a Joie de Vivre Hotel has a restaurant and a bar onsite.
A and B Guest House does not provide concierge service.
a parking reservation is not needed at the Hyatt Centric Fisherman's Wharf San Francisco
What payment methods are accepted at Nourish Cafe?
I would like to go to a museum.
Yes, this hotel offers a fitness center.
Does Bite accept credit cards?
Dos Restaurant One Seven offer takout?
Yes, what time does San Francisco City Hall open?
Hi, Can you please help me find a park in Embarcadero.
Concierge services are available at the Union Square Plaza Hotel.
Does The Italian Homemade Company accept Google Pay?
Street Parking is available at Alamo Square.
Uno Dos Tacos has a full bar and serves alcohol
Yes you can ask for extra beds.
No reservation is required for parking.
Curry King is not wheelchair accessible.
Hot Sauce and Panko does not offer any gluten-free options.
Does Tartine Bakery & Cafe do delivery?
Da Vinci does have outside seating.
The Bird  does not take reservations.
Do you guys deliver?
Do you guys deliver?
Do you guys deliver?
Alcohol is served at Azalina's.
Yes Coqueta takes reservations.
What's the dress code for Tacko?
Dogs are not allowed at Madame Tussauds San Francisco.
There is free WiFi available in all areas at the Chelsea Inn.
Does this restaurant have tv?
Do you serve halal dishes?
No, there are no high chairs available at THE UGLY DUCKLING.
Hey, is it possible to park my bike while I dine?
Is a reservation needed for parking at Andrews Hotel?
Does Europa Hotel have free WiFi?
Blue Barn Gourmet serves beer and wine only.
Accessible parking is available to guests at the Hotel Griffon.
Is there a gym on the premises?
Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant does have bike parking.
Woodhouse Fish does not accept Apple Pay.
The noise level at Grubbin' is average.
Hi, can you tell me if you have a lift at your hotel?
Are there any vegan options on Zazie's menu?
CITY CENTRE NORTH B AND B accepts American Express, Visa, Mastercard and Maestro as payment.
Is parking free at Columbus Inn?
What kind of bike parking is offered?
Wifi at the Tilden Hotel is not free but costs are not available
Orange Village Hostel requires all guests to be eighteen years of age to check in.
Is there a fitness center at Hotel Riu Plaza Fisherman's Wharf?
I am vegetarian so are there options there for me?
Restaurant One Seven serves no alcohol.
Therer are iron facilities available, but no laundry facilities.
What is the check-out time at your hotel?
No, there is no restaurant at Acorn Guest House.
Does the State Bird Provisions have outdoor seating?.
Does Hunan Home's Restaurant have high chairs available for babies?
Hi, what kind of restaurant is this?
Does San Francisco Marriott Fisherman's Wharf have a fitness center?
Pho Huynh Hiep 2 - Kevin's Noodle House does not have TV.
Does Nopa have any television services?
Four Seasons Hotel San Francisco is the only 5 star Hotel in this area. Would you like to book a stay?
Parking is available at Street for Asian Box.
What cards are accepted?
What cards are accepted?
You cannot ask for extra beds at the Bridge Guest House.
Great. Does Hyatt have any age restriction in checking in?
Is free WiFi available at Nojo Ramen Tavern?
What methods of payment do you take?
sure let me go ahead and check if that's listed anywhere all right so it definitely says that it's good for kids here
The Oasis Inn provides shuttle service for an additional charge.
Take out ordering is available at My Tofu House.
No, takeout is not available at Backstreet Bistro.
Presidio Kebab serve beer & wine only.
An onsite parking lot is available for guests.
No. State Bird Provisions  is not accepting Apple Pay.
Is housekeeping available daily at this hotel?
There is no specific dress code at the Flying Falafel.
Yes, The Monk's Kettle offers happy hour specials.
Is The Cheesecake Factory good for kids?
Does your hotel offer a concierge service?
Is it a 4 star hotel?
No, the Lensfield Hotel does not have any accessible parking.
What payment options are offered?
What forms of payment are accepted.
I just need a 3-star hotel in Fisherman's Wharf. Can you tell me what my options are?
Yes, Crab House at Pier 39 accepts Apple Pay.
Kitchen Story offers bicycling parking.
Lao Table offers happy hour.
Does Bon, Nene accept credit cards and Apple Pay?
Can I get luggage service?
Does Atelier Crenn have alcohol?
is there a gym at the hotel
Pets are permitted. But charges may be applicable.
Proposition Chicken accepts credit cards and Apple Pay.
Yes, this hotel provides 24 hour front desk service.
Stix accepts credit card, Google Pay, and Apple Pay for payment method.
Is there accessible parking available?
Is there accessible parking available?
Is there accessible parking available?
Does Autumn House offer on-site laundry?
The Bridge Guest House does not have a lift.
Is Kitchen Story good for kids?
Does Stix serve alcohol?
Is there a daily housekeeping service?
Hi, do I need to make a reservation?
What languages are spoken at the Hotel Bijou?
What's the ambience like inside your restaurant?
The Civic Center Inn includes an elevator.
Actually, I apologize, there are no art museums in Fillmore either. I can give you the location of an art museum in SoMa.
Do you have wheelchair accessibility?
Do you have wheelchair accessibility?
Is The Park Tavern wheelchair accessible?
Stem Kitchen & Garden is good for groups.
no there is no outdoor seating
No, but breakfast is provided daily and dinner on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.
Do you have outdoor seating/
Do you have outdoor seating/
No smoking here, keep that in mind.
The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen restaurant have vegetarian friendly options.
Is there a restaurant or bar onsite?
Is there any restaurant or bar onsite at Golden Gate Hotel?
All major credit cards are accepted at this hotel.
Hi, I am looking to go to the zoo in Castro or a park if there is no zoo.
Wifi isn't offered at Rooster & Rice.
Only a coffee/tea maker are available for guests at The Cambridge Belfry.
Vegan options are offered on the menu at Beit Rima.
Does Alamo Square allow bike parking?
The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar does not offer gluten free options.
ARCHWAY HOUSE does not have extra beds available.
There is an American and buffet breakfast
The Dakota Hostel and Hotel does not offer extra beds in rooms.
Is there any charge for parking?
The lucky pig takes reservations.
Hi. I need a cheap place to stay and a place that serves Egyptian food in Inner Richmond, San Francisco.
There is one location called the Petite Auberge in the area. Do you need any more information about it?
Does Deli Board accept payment with Apple Pay?
Does the hotel have room service?
Meze Bar does not have halal options available.
A parking reservation is not needed at Club Donatello.
Vegan friendly dining options are available at Pushkin.
Does Super Pan allow dogs?
Do they speak Portuguese?
You must be at least 18 years old to check in
Does Corridor Restaurant offer vegan or vegetarian?
Do you allow dogs?
Do you allow dogs?
Do you allow dogs?
Do you allow dogs?
Do you allow dogs?
Do you allow dogs?
Do you allow dogs?
No, there are not dry cleaning services.
GRAFTON HOTEL RESTAURANT  does not serve alcohol.
Pier Market Seafood has outdoor seating available.
What is the admission fee for kids and adults costs at the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art?
Does the Alpha-Milton Guest House provide luggage storage service?
Does this site have any halal food?
Does this site have any halal food?
Does this site have any halal food?
Does this site have any halal food?
Hotel Sunrise does provide room service.
Octavia is a wheelchair accesible establishment.
Great. Can you tell me how much it costs to park there?
What kind of money is accepted?
The restaurant does not accept reservations.
Yes, dogs are allowed at A Mano.
Can a pizza be purchased by Bitcoin?
Do you have any rooms where I can smoke?
Does The Cheesecake Factory menu have vegetarian dishes?
Delivery service is not offered by Jasmine Garden.
My Tofu House does not offer delivery service.
Will my poodle be welcomed at Rooster & Rice?
Can we bring in our own beer and wine?
Can we bring in our own beer and wine?
Where would a person go to smoke while at Hayes Valley Inn?
You don't have to reserve parking ahead of time at EL SHADDAI.
The noise level at La Mediterranee is average.
What is the rental cost at Bay City Bike Rentals and Tours?
Do you serve alcoholic drinks?
Does your hotel have WiFi?
Do you take major credit cards?
Does Roma Antica offer happy hour?
What kind of payment does Frisco Fried accept?
No, Alcatraz Island does not allow dogs.
City Stop Restaurant does not offer free WiFi.
Can you tell me what the price range of the hotel is?
Is the Riverside Brasserie wheelchair accessible?
Can I park my car for free?
Plain Jane does not allow dogs.
Reservations are accepted at Sessions at the Presidio.
Do you have anything on the menu that's soy-free?
I need Tex-Mex food in Japantown
I want to see landmarks in Balboa Terrace
Yes.front desk at Dakota Hostel and Hotel opens for 24 hours.
Are there any fitness or gym area?
Is there live music at Caffe Uno?
Yes, I have found Aquarium Of The Bay for you in that area. Would you like the address?
What is the ambience of The Fly Trap?
The Cable Car Museum is free of charge.
Yes, but first, would you tell me what time the Aquarium of the Bay opens?
Hi, do you have any vegan options on your menu?
The hotel has 24 hour front desk available.
Credit cards are accepted at the Blue Barn Gourmet.
Marufuku Ramen SF does not offer WiFi.
Hello.  What options do you have that are Halal?
Do they have free wi-fi available there?
Does THE COW PIZZA KITCHEN AND BAR have halal options on their menu?
A and B Guest House has extra beds or cots at availability.
Can you find me a hotel with a 3 star rating in the moderate price range?
Tilden Hotel has a bar, restaurant and an onsite coffee shop.
Does Hyatt Regency San Francisco have a bar?
Is there room service available at Acorn Guest House?
The maze is open every day from 11am to 7pm.
How often does your house keeping come around?
Does Pizza Express offer halal options?
Can I park my car at the train station?
Does DragonEats have take-out service?
Yes wi-fi is available, and it is free.
Does Molinari Delicatessen have TV?
Payment options at the Royal Spice include credit cards.
There is free WiFi available in the hotel rooms at The Willows Inn.
Yes, hello, does Tselogs offer happy hour?
What kinds of parking options are available?
I love cajun! Can I get a reservation in advance?
Yes, bike parking is available at The Ramp.
Does Bella Trattoria offer takeout?
Does Sutro's at The Cliff House have vegan friendly options?
Does Rooster & Rice have parking?
I'd prefer a landmark or visitors center.
UGLY DUCKLING doesn't offer live music.
Do you offer live music?
Do you offer live music?
Do you offer live music?
Do you offer live music?
Do you offer live music?
Do you offer live music?
Nandos does not offer vegetarian friendly options.
There are happy hour specials.
Is there a continental breakfast?
Noise level is average at Amarena.
La Raza does not have high chairs available for babies.
The City Lights Bookstore does not accept Apple Pay.
Major credit cards are accepted at Fitzbillies Restaurant.
Yippee Noodle Bar does not offer delivery service.
No restaurant or bar is available at this location.
Yes, Glaze Teriyaki is kid-friendly.
Does San Francisco Zoo offer military discounts?
Do you offer bicycle parking?
Do you offer bicycle parking?
Does Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine have high chairs for babies?
Rintaro has an average noise level.
Yes, takeout is available at Golden Wok
Thanh Binh does not offer halal options.
Is parking facility available at Piccolo Forno?
sure it's seven five seven market street
Are dogs allowed?
Are dogs allowed?
Are dogs allowed?
Are dogs allowed?
Are dogs allowed?
Are dogs allowed?
Are dogs allowed?
Are dogs allowed?
Is lunch provided?
The rooms at the Hotel Nikko San Francisco are non-smoking, and it is unclear whether there is a designated smoking area.
Are there TV's at Burmese Kitchen?
Is there a happy hour at Champa Garden?
No, Acorn Guest House does not provide dry cleaning service.
Hamilton Lodge has no bar or restaurant onsite.
outdoor seats are not available
Is there a designated area for smoking at AVALON?
Yes, the front desk of Europa Hotel is open for 24 hours a day.
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant that has sports bar.
English and Spanish are both spoken.
Do you have facilities for meetings or banquets?
Does Charlie Chan's menu have gluten free options?
Dogs are allowed at Hops & Hominy.
Vegan food is available at Pier Market Seafood Restaurant.
Yes, Bulgara does offer free WiFi.
Deccan Spice does offer Happy Hour.
Zuni Cafe's ambiance is classy.
There is a fitness center at the Nob Hill Hotel.
Private parking is available at the Argonaut Hotel for 75 per day.
Are reservations needed to park in advance at this hotel?
No, Saigon City doesn't offer a take-out option.
Is this a good place for little kids?
Can I park my car at Magowan's Infinite Mirror Maze?
Home From Home does not provide any shuttle service.
Can I bring my dog to Sutro's at The Cliff House?
WiFi is not available at Hinodeya Ramen Bar.
Does Tony's Pizza Napoletana have high chairs?
What is the noise level at Seven Hills?
Is there free transportation to and from the airport?
what about the address and the zip
Is there any restaurant or bar onsite at The Fairmont Heritage Place Ghirardelli Square?
What should be expected in terms of parking at this location?
What should be expected in terms of parking at this location?
Does the CURRY GARDEN have halal options?
Yes, Tacko has bike parking.
Yes, this restaurant is good for both groups and kids.
A reservation for parking is not needed at the Adelaide Hostel
hi i'm looking for a hotel in the tenderloin area that's moderately priced hopefully with like a three star rating
Is Apple Pay accepted at My Tofu House?
Is there available WiFi?
What kind of atmosphere can I expect?
Yes, various breakfast options are available at Kirkwood House for free.
Is there concierge  service available?
How is the ambience of Warakubune Sushi?
The ambience of Burmese Kitchen is casual.
Balompie Cafe offers a casual ambience for its patrons.
Can I purchase alcoholic drinks at Stem Kitchen & Garden?
Pizzeria Delfina accepts credit cards.
All rooms at Cova Hotel give free Wifi access to guests.
The Smokin' Warehouse Barbecue - Sacramento Street does have outdoor seating available.
Rin's Thai Restaurant does not have outdoor seating.
Piccolo Forno is not taking any reservations.
What is the noise level at Shallmar?
What is the atmosphere like at your establishment?
What is the atmosphere like at your establishment?
do you know of any moderately priced ends located in Union square
No Taj Tandoori doesn't offer alcohol, but you can BYOB.
You can park your car on the street at Rooster & Rice.
thank you and can i also uhhh get a place to eat in the same area in the cheap price range and that has a tea room
Is it possible for me to get an extra bed for my room?
No, Apple Pay is not accepted at Zen Yai Thai Restaurant.
Yes, Sam Wo Restaurant has a TV for viewing.
They provide Wi-Fi free of charge.
yeah it's totally kid friendly
It's in the moderate price range.
Noise level is average at Bistro At The Cliff House.
Does the Good Luck Dim Sum have Delivery options?
are there any landmark public markets in the San Francisco area
First I would like the hotel's zip code, price range, address and phone number.
uhhh what's the what what's the address on that
Casual ambience at Proposition Chicken.
AUTUMN HOUSE does not have a front desk that is open for 24 hours.
The description specially states the front desk is open 24 hours.
Newkirk's is wheelchair accessible.
Check in at Hotel Kabuki, a Joie de Vivre Hotel is 3:00pm.
Sam Wo Restaurant accepts only credit card for payment method.
Do you have concierge services available?
Is bike parking available at Mount Davidson Park?
Cash and credit card are accepted at the hotel
Papito Potrero Hill does not offer a happy hour
Tacos El Patron serves beer and wine.
Flour + Water Pizzeria accepts credit cards.
Do they offer baggage storage for their guests?
No, Saigon Sandwich does not allow dogs.
Yes, for an additional charge
Bangkok City is not a live music venue, not live music is offered.
Street parking is available for cars at Kasa Indian Eatery.
Are dogs allowed at Saucy Asian?
Yes they offer baggage storage
Does Souvla have outdoor seats?
Airport shuttle services are available at the Hotel Kabuki.
Cuisine of Nepal does not have happy hour specials.
What is the dress code at Musee Mecanique?
Does Jake's Steaks offer happy hour special?
There is no parking available at the Kirkwood House.
WiFi is available at Kensington Park Hotel.
The Tanguito is good for groups.
Is baggage storage offered at Hotel Kabuki, a Joie de Vivre Hotel?
Does Admiral Hotel provide dry cleaning service?
Sutro's at The Cliff House does not have TV.
Does Octavia serve alcohol?
Can I watch the game on TV there?
The noise level is average at The Rotunda.
Hakka does not offer take-out ordering.
I would like to visit a landmark.
Parking costs $65 USD per day to park.
The hotel offers a concierge service.
What are the parking options at Stem Kitchen & Garden?
Does the GALLERIA have Car Parking?
Does Uno Dos Tacos offer vegan options?
Mahal of Cambridge is not wheelchair accessible.
Are highchairs available?
Are highchairs available?
Are highchairs available?
Are highchairs available?
Is Apple Pay accepted at Golden State Grill?
Are laundry services availible?
No, Bite does not offer WiFi.
Bedouin does not offer live music.
Is there parking available at Berber?
Yes, Civic Center Inn offers free parking.
Is there a gym or fitness center onsite at Aylesbray Lodge Guest House?
Can I have the zip code of the hotel?
Thanh Binh does not serve alcohol.
That sounds good. What's the admission fee at Subpar Miniature Golf?
Hi, do you guys deliver?
the beaches in Bernal heights are all located down the hill near the ocean
Are you a good place for groups?
Little Seoul does not allow you to bring in your own alcohol.
The Alembic does not accept reservations.
Tilak accepts Credit Cards and Apple Pay.
Can I get my clothes dry cleaned?
extra beds are not available at Argonaut Hotel, a Noble House Hotel
Are the rooms there air conditioned?
Do you have any nights you play live music?
Howdy, what kind of parking do you guys have available there?
As of this time, there is no bike parking at Golden Gate Bridge Welcome Center.
of course they are located at fifty five music concourse drive
Is your restaurant dine-in only?
Classy is the ambience of Gozu.
No there isn't as pets are not allowed.
I think so. Is parking available at Municipal Pier?
Are there activities for kids there?
The Pawn Shop is not by appointment only.
Kim Son Vietnamese Restaurant does not offer happy hour.
Is Golden State Grill good for kids?
There is a security deposit for 50 GBP per night to stay at the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel.
Do you guys have high chairs?
Do you have any hotels with multilingual staff?
Parking is free and people do not need reservations for this at Home from Home.
Yes, you are able to park a bike at Farm : Table.
Sushirrito serve Beer & Wine Only
Yes, there is WiFi available.
Street parking is available at Tuba Authentic Turkish Restaurant.
What is the ambiance at The Flying Falafel?
Sitar Tandoori is not wheelchair accessible.
I'm looking for an expensive hotel with 2 stars
English, Italian, Lithuanian, Portuguese, and Russian are the languages spoken here.
Does Khamsa take reservations?
great and could you give me the zip code and phone number for the hyde street pier
Does the Super Duper Burgers have high chairs available for babies?
Does the Rooster & Rice offer happy hour?
Limehouse accepts Visa, Matercard, Carte Bleue, Maestro, Sold, Switch, Carte Blanche and Carta Si as payment options.
Do you take reservations in advance?
From when to when is Hyde Street Pier open each day?
Do you offer delivery service?
Do you offer delivery service?
Do you offer delivery service?
Do you offer delivery service?
Do you offer delivery service?
Do you offer delivery service?
Do you offer delivery service?
Do you offer delivery service?
Do you offer delivery service?
Do you offer delivery service?
Do you offer delivery service?
Do you offer delivery service?
Do you offer delivery service?
Do you offer delivery service?
ok cool and do you know if they have delivery there
Are there any restaurant or bar onsite?
Are there any restaurant or bar onsite?
Are there any restaurant or bar onsite?
Are there any restaurant or bar onsite?
What is the noise level at Golden State Grill?
Um Ma Son accepts credit cards.
What time is the Mirror Maze open each day of the week?
Does The Rotunda offer outdoor seating?
sure let me see what's available in the hayes valley area you know i found one place it's a scandinavian restaurant and bar it's called plaj
There is housekeeping every day at A and B Guest House.
Room service is not available to order at Leverton House.
Yes, I need a place to stay in Union Square and also a recommendation for any local landmarks.
What are the hours for the front desk?
What are the hours for the front desk?
What are the hours for the front desk?
Is there a fitness center or gym available?
WiFi at Carriage Inn is free.
are dogs allowed at your establishment?
I need to know about places I can go hiking in Sea Cliff.
Is there any private parking?
Do you have staff that speak Spanish?
Do you have a TV to see the game?
This restaurant takes reservations.
The Lucky Star has no free WiFi.
There is no disability access at The Willows Inn.
Does San Francisco Museum of Modern Art offer free WiFi?
Any area of the city is fine, actually.
Can we sit outdoors?
Do you offer live music at your location?
Does Admiral Hotel have a designated smoke free area?
Is parking free at Aylesbray Lodge Guest House?
Yes, I need some help finding a moderately priced restaurant in Fisherman's Wharf that serves Izakaya food please.
Gregangelo Museum is open from 11 am to 6 pm Monday through Saturday. It's closed on Sunday.
Yu Garden does not offer take-out service.
Is Swan Oyster Depot wheelchair accessible?
I only have Apple Pay with me do you accept that?
Sessions at the Presidio is wheelchair accessible.
We will be 8 people in total. Is that place good for this large group?
Pier Market Seafood Restaurant does not allow dogs.
Bike parking is available for people.
Yes, Rice Boat serves alcohol.
Rusty's Southern is wheelchair accessible.
Does Champa Garden accept credit cards, Apple Pay and Google Pay?
Yes. Delicious Dim Sum offer vegeterian friendly options.
Does Tuba Authentic Turkish Restaurant offer delivery service?
R?
Could you also tell me when Magowan's Infinite Mirror Maze's opening hours are?
Absolutely there are vegan options at Taqueria Los Coyotes.
Are there vegan friendly options at Nojo Ramen Tavern?
Dogs are not allowed at this establishment.
What forms of payment can I use to pay for my order?
No, Californios is not good for kids.
Does this hotel have any concierge service?
Burma Love does have parking for bikes.
Unfortunately, this is a smoke free hotel and does not have a designated smoking area.
Asian Box offers a variety of vegan options.
There is no delivery service offered by Plaj Scandinavian Restaurant & Bar.
I need the phone number for Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant.
Yes, the front desk is open 24 hours/day.
Yes, the front desk is open 24 hours/day.
There is no bike parking area at Clarion Alley.
Do they take reservations?
Do they take reservations?
What payment methods are accepted at Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine?
Only street parking is offered at The Copper Kettle.
How much will I have to pay to park?
Does The View Lounge offer happy hour?
There is no WiFi.
Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine does accept Apple Pay.
Troya is wheelchair accessible.
How is the noise level at Tanguito?
Is there vegan options at YH-Beijing?
Is there happy hour here?
Is there happy hour here?
Do I need a reservation for Marcella's Lasagneria?
What are the opening hours for Twin Peaks?
Dogs are not allowed at Bellota.
Smoking is not allowed at Pier Market Seafood Restaurant.
You must be at least 18 to check in.
Do you guys take Google Pay?
Do you guys take Google Pay?
Do you guys take Google Pay?
Do you guys take Google Pay?
Are visits to this place allowed via drop-in?
oh that sounds fun uhhh what's the address there
No, smoking is not allowed at Deccan Spice.
The Hotel Zelos San Francisco offers luggage storage services
Payment info is not available online.
Are you rooms air-conditioned?
Do you have high chair available for small children?
Is Dragon Beaux kid friendly?
Azalina's has a variety of vegan options available.
yes, parking is available at Graffiti.
There is no wheelchair access at the Golden House.
Check-out time here is 8:00 am to 10:30 am.
The Tartine Bakery & Cafe does offer free WiFi.
Does Tortellino serve alcohol?
If you want something moderately priced I'd recommend Hunan Home's Restaurant.
Pizza Hut Fen Ditton doesn't offer take-out ordering.
Takeout ordering is not offered at Bedouin.
Is there any kitchen available for guests at Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Downtown/Van Ness Ave?
Amsterdam Hotel does not have a restaurant or bar.
Hamilton Lodge accepts Visa, Mastercard, Maestro, Sold, Switch.
Is it necessary to make reservations for parking at Green Tortoise Hostel?
Rusty's Southern is good for groups.
Check-out time is until 12:00 p.m.
Check-out time is until 12:00 p.m.
Check-out time is until 12:00 p.m.
Is Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen a kid-friendly place?
Yes, gluten free options are available.
Do you have accessible parking for the disabled?
What meals do you provide?
What meals do you provide?
What meals do you provide?
What meals do you provide?
Does The Fly Trap serve alcohol?
How dressy is your dress code?
GUESTS CAN CHECK IN TO THE HOTEL GRIFFON STARTING AT 3:00 PM.
No, there is no TV.
No, there is no TV.
Can I park my car at The Alembic?
Yes, outdoor seating is available.
Yes, outdoor seating is available.
Does The Hotpot allow BYOB?
Pho Huynh Hiep 2 - Kevin's Noodle House does not have outdoor seating.
The Thai Time Restaurant does offer bike parking.
Is there a dress code necessary?
Can you guys do take out?
Can you guys do take out?
What is the dress code at Truly Mediterranean?
There is no bike parking at Atelier Crenn.
What sort of dress code does Piccino have?
Is it loud at Franciscan Crab Restaurant?
Can I get a phone number for the landmark?
Pakwan Restaurant is wheelchair accessible.
The front desk at the Orchard Garden Hotel is open 24 hours.
There are safety deposit boxes in the rooms at the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge.
Dogs are not allowed at the Park Tavern.
Little Gem does have outdoor seating.
The Desmond Hotel does restrict age to 18 for check in.
Can I bring my dog with me to Souvla?
Yes, the restaurant offers happy hour.
Yes, the restaurant offers happy hour.
There is no alcohol served at Jinling Noodle Bar.
English, French and Hebrew are spoken at Noe's Nest Bed and Breakfast.
No alcohol is available on the menu.
Does Tselogs accept Apple Pay?
Is there extra beds available at University Club of San Francisco?
Yes, there is a safety doposit box at the room.
Do I need to pay a fee to visit Fort Point?
The GRAFTON HOTEL RESTAURANT does not offer any gluten free options.
Does Curry Garden serve alcohol?
Is there daily housekeeping at Hotel Zoe Fisherman's Wharf?
When would you like to go?
What payment options are accepted at The Italian Homemade Company?
Can you smoke at the Petite Auberge?
Is there a pool at the Finches Bed And Breakfast?
Does the Bursa have take out ordering?.
Full bar is served in this restaurant.
Can I bring my own alcohol to Chiquito Restaurant Bar?
Yes, can I get the phone number of Pier Market Seafood Restaurant?
Can you tell me the ambience at Sons & Daughters?
What kind of alcohol do you offer?
What kind of alcohol do you offer?
Accessible parking is not available at Limehouse.
Reservations are not needed for parking.
There is bike parking available at the Rooster & Rice restaurant.
Yes, this restaurant can provide a high chair for babies.
Do you need to make a reservation for parking at this location?
The Motel 6 San Francisco Downtown has an elevator and facilities for disabled guests.
There is no parking available at Hotel Boheme
THE CAMBRIDGE CHOP HOUSE does not offer live music.
The noise level at El Farolito is loud.
Does this hotel have a restaurant or a bar onsite?
oh i'm interested in the marker san francisco ummm that will be really good does it have a facility for accessible parking
Do you have high chairs at the curry garden?
All rooms at Hotel Del Sol provide central heating.
Yes, an elevator is listed.
A Desi Cafe has a TV on site.
Daily house keeping is available at the HI San Francisco Downtown Hostel.
Super Duper Burgers does offer vegetarian options.
There are no safety deposit boxes in the rooms at Acorn Guest House.
Does Tilak have wifi available?
No, there are no dogs allowed.
Pakwan Restaurant has street parking.
Is there concierge service?
Do you have live music there?
Does Cote offer delivery as an option?
Are there high chairs?
Payment options at Souvla are cash, credit card, apple pay, or google pay.
No outdoor seating is not available at Grubbin.
Does Pizzetta 211serve alcohol?
Is there any parking at Perilla?
Does Dojo Noodle Bar take reservations?
Certainly, the phone number is (415) 447-5000 and the zip code is 94109.
Are guests allowed to bring dogs at Brenda's French Soul Food?
Liholiho Yacht Club has a full bar.
there is a bar and restaurant onsite at Hilton Parc 55 San Francisco Union Square
Dogs are not allowed at Kim Son Vietnamese Restaurant.
Are there vegan options at Sumac?
Is your front desk open 24 hours a day?
Coventry Inn provides free WiFi.
Great, what is the address and zip code of the place?
What is the noise level at your restaurant?
Does Tacos El Patron accept reservations?
certainly sir i'd be happy to help you out with that i'm finding two locations one's called kin khao and the other one's rooster and rice which would you like
Aha Fresh has vegetarian friendly options.
How noisy is it during peak hours?
There are no designated smoking areas at the Bridge Guest House.
Sorry, there is no smoking allowed in the entire property.
The Fly Trap offers happy hour special at site.
Parking is available for $66.12 a day at Hotel Spero.
There is housekeeping service every day at Bridge Guest House.
Does Marnee Thai have vegeterian friendly options?
Can I order delivery at MaMa Ji's?
oh that sounds good uhhh can i get their phone number i wanna ask if they have an exhibit that i'm interested in also i will need their address and zip code for my g. p. s.
Are parking reservation required at the site?
Are parking reservation required at the site?
What type of resturant is available at the site?
SOMA Park Inn is a smoke free motel.
The Monk's Kettle is not good for groups.
This company only offers beer and wine.
Do you have someone on duty all the time?
Do the rooms have heat?
Taboun is a popular Mediterranean restaurant in Twin Peaks. Would you like to hear more about it?
Payment options are available at The Melt - 455 Market are Accepts Credit Cards & Apple Pay.
Does A La Turca Restaurant offer delivery service?
Are there any accessible rooms?
There are many vegetarian options available at Bedouin.
Does Nob Hill Cafe have delivery service ?
Check-in time is from 2:30 p.m. at the Grant Plaza Hotel.
Saffron Brasserie is wheelchair accessible.
What is the noise level at Perilla?
What is the noise level at Perilla?
Does Arizmendi Bakery offer takeout?
Can you tell me the opening hours of Dragon Gate?
what laundry services are offered?
Parking is free at this property.
Kitava does have WiFi services available.
Extra beds are available at the Orchard Hotel but may be limited for various reasons.
Does the Galleria have take-out available?
Is Alamo Square Seafood Grill a good place for groups?
Is there a check-in age restriction at Ashley Hotel?
What is the parking situation?
Does Aziza offer vegan friendly options?
Do you provide any luggage storage services?
MaMa Ji's does not accept Google Pay.
What is the charge for WiFi?
What is the charge for WiFi?
What is the charge for WiFi?
What is the charge for WiFi?
What is the charge for WiFi?
Is there parking available at Graffiti?
You can park your bike at Saigon Sandwich.
Yes, give me the address for Conservatory of Flowers.
Alcohol is limited to beer and wine at Han Il Kwan.
Only the coffee and tea maker are available for guests at Worth House.
The Cambridge Belfry provides daily housekeeping for free.
Does Rusty's Southern offer  Car Parking?.
Does Rooster & Rice have ambience?
What is the security deposit fee?
The ambience of this restaurant is causal and classy.
Taj Compton Place is an expensive hotel.
i'm not seeing them showing any free wi-fi here i'm sorry
What type enviroment is Taboun?
No, Club Donatello does not have meeting or banquet facilities.
Chiquito Restaurant Bar does not offer free WiFi.
Yes, an onsite fitness center is available for guests.
Drying cleaning is provided at Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Downtown for an extra charge.
The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill is not accessible via wheelchair.
Could you tell me the opening hours of The 16th Avenue Tiled Steps, please?
Does the hostel offer private parking?
What The Cluck has bike parking.
Yes. The Snug have TV.
Good evening, what's the ambience at Loving Hut like?
Can I make reservations at The Melt - 455 Market?
Is parking available at Octavia?
Thres is no spa onsite here.
It is located at Pier 15. Would you like anything else?
Do you have free wifi at DOJO NOODLE BAR?
How much does WiFi cost at The Suites at Fisherman's Wharf?
Hot Sauce and Panko does not have WiFi services.
What types of alcohol do you serve at Beit Rima?
The Italian Homemade Company is not good for groups.
Concierge services are available at Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf.
Yes, Nirala offers take-out ordering.
Is the restaurant good for groups?
Anchor Oyster Bar is good for kids.
Does Pica Pica Arepa Kitchen accept Apple Pay?
Franciscan Crab Restaurant does not accept Google Pay.
MaMa Ji's is not good for groups.
Does La Taqueria offer outdoor seating?
Can I make a reservation please?
Foreign Cinema serve alcohol at full bar.
They do not have any TVs available.
Is Perilla good for children?
Nob Hill Cafe does not offer free WiFi.
Does Exploratorium have free WiFi?
YH-Beijing offers delivery service.
No, there is no WiFi.
No, there is no WiFi.
Does Tanguito offer delivery service?
Bella Trattoria does have TV.
Unfortunately, the Sesame Restaurant and Bar does not have vegetarian menu options.
Is The 16th Avenue Tiled Steps wheelchair accessible?
May I suggest Hotel Beresford?
What parking is available there?
Would you suggest groups would be ok?
Yes, the Oak Bistro has off-street parking.
Warkworth House does not offer any shuttle service.
Google pay is not accepted at A Desi Cafe.
Are there vegetarian options on the menu at The Varsity Restaurant?
What payment options are accepted here?
Unfortunately this property doesn't provide extra beds.
Unfortunately this property doesn't provide extra beds.
What forms of payment does your restaurant accept?
The front desk at the Alpha-Milton Guest House is not open for 24 hours.
Are there extra fees for pets staying at this location?
uhhh what type of accomodation is it
Is Apple Pay taken at Grubbin'?
Does MICHAELHOUSE CAFE have delivery?
What is the ambience at Souvia?
Is there any admission fee associated with visiting the Golden Gate Bridge Welcome Center?
the front desk at the Orange Village Hostel is open 24 hours a day
Great, do they offer wifi for guests?
Yes, Cordon Bleu offers take-out ordering.
Yes, BIte has TV available.
Can I bring my pet to The Mrs. Doubtfire House?
Shish Ke Baba does not offer free WiFi.
City Centre North B and B does not have a fitness center or gym onsite.
The ambience of Super Duper Burgers is casual and classy.
Can I get to-go at Sugarhill Kitchen?
Can I park my bicycle at Pho Huynh Hiep 2 - Kevin's Noodle House?
Pets are not allowed at Hayes Valley Inn.
Yes, there are vegetarian options at Arizmendi Bakery.
Hotel Drisco provides luggage services at the front desk
uhhh can i get the for the yale hotel can i get the stars
The Little Chihuahua is good for groups.
Baby chairs are available at Nandos.
Is delivery service available from Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine?
Does Pizza Hut City Centre have halal options?
You can check-in starting at 3:00pm.
Efes Restaurant has highchairs for babies.
Does the hotel have ample parking?
If I can't climb stairs, will I be able to get to my room on an upper floor?
Yes, do they allow dogs at the Andrews Hotel?
Shish Ke Baba does over takeout.
Yes, what is their zip code.
What is the noise level at Hogwash?
Does Saigon Sandwich offer happy hour?
Does Rice Boat offer halal options?
Can you give me their address?
Snack bar
It has a classy and casual ambience with a great outdoor view of the water.
There are no significant Landmarks in Union Square. Can I search another area for you?
Does Takara Sushi have a TV available to watch sporting events?
Free off street parking is available at Yu garden.
Boudin Bakery & Cafe does not provide reservations.
Awesome, could you please tell me what the opening hours are at the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art?
Validated, off street, and on street parking are all available at Curry Prince.
Does Papito Hayes have gluten free options?
Does your hotel have a spa?
Is there parking available at Zazie?
Pharaohs Mediterranean Sandwiches is wheelchair accessible.
Yes, The Lucky Star accepts reservations.
The Inn on Broadway's front desk is open 24 hours.
There is no BYOB at RIVERSIDE BRASSERIE.
Hello.  Could you tell me what vegan dishes are available on the menu?
The Souvla has outdoor seating available.
Yes, Souvla is wheelchair accessible.
do you have a space for groups
Yes, Cote takes reservations.
Check out time is between 7 AM to 12 PM at Hotel Bijou.
Does Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine offer takeout?
The menu at Caffe Uno does not offer vegetarian friendly options.
Is Tasty Pot kid friendly?
What languages are spoken at Motel 6 San Francisco Downtown?
Can I place an order to go?
Can I place an order to go?
Are reservations accepted at Pier Market Seafood Restaurant?
Airzmendi Bakery has an average noise level.
Does your hostel have a kitchen?
Ben Thai Cafe do not accept Apple Pay.
Morty's Delicatessen does not offer free WiFi.
What services do you offer, like maybe a concierge service?
There are several expensive hotels at the Union Square. However you'll find Taj Campton very suitable given that it is a 5 star hotel with the highest reviews
There is free WiFi available in all areas at Hotel Nikko San Francisco.
Free WiFi is available for guests at Washington Square Inn.
Yes.Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar offers live music.
The noise level at Asian Box is average.
sure let me see what i can find for you. ok so two options are showing up one is called good hotel and the second one is rams hotel
Can I get an extra bed for my daughter at the Desmond Hotel?
What is the ambiance at Berber?
The minimum age for check-in at The Suites at Fisherman's Wharf is 21 years old.
San Francisco Marriott Union Square does have wheel chair accessible rooms available.
Do I need reservation to park at the site?
Do I need reservation to park at the site?
Papito Hayes has vegan options available.
Halal options are not offered at Graffiti.
There is free parking at Aylesbray Lodge Guest House.
Chancellor Hotel on Union Square has meeting and banquet facilities offered at an extra charge.
Delivery service is not offered by Restaurant One Seven.
Yes an elevator is available at Good Hotel
What type of service is provided?
There are no art museums or art galleries in this area. Would you like me to search a different location?
Plain Jane does not offer delivery service.
all right can i go ahead and book two rooms for my family from saturday for four evenings
Yes, Tasty Pot has bike parking.
Yes, Umami Burger Soma District offers takeout.
Currently, credit cards are accepted at this establishment.
Does Sushirrito have vegan friendly options?
Is there a specific dress code at Good Mong Kok Bakery?
Do you have bike parking available?
Do you have bike parking available?
Brenda's French Soul Food does not serve alcohol.
What languages are spoken at Francisco Bay Inn?
Is it casual or formal attire?
Is Curry Queen wheelchair accessible?
Sumac does not have TV.
Can I park my bike at San Francisco City Hall?
Does Asian Box do takeout?
Presidio Kebab does not outdoor seats.
Yes, the rooms at the Coventry Inn are heated.
Crab House at Pier 39 does not have delivery services.
Is Apple Pay accepted at Palace Of Fine Arts?
Can you tell me if Presidio Kebab offers high chairs for toddlers?
BYOB is not possible at Shiraz Restaurant.
Does Truly Mediterranean offer happy hour?
Sure The Glass Elevators is a Local Flavor type of attraction.
There are vegan options available at Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen.
Many European languages are spoken at Alexander Bed and Breakfast.
Does Aliment accept cryptocurrency?
PANAHAR does not offer free WiFi.
Can I park at Tasty Pot?
Hunan Home's Restaurant is good for groups.
Does DragonEats have outdoor seats?
Is it safe to smoke inside the room?
Does the restaurant offer parking for bicycles?
Is Fog Harbor Fish House wheelchair accessible?
Sorry, you cannot smoke at Little Gem.
Bizza does not have outdoor seating.
hi hey i'm planning a trip to san francisco and i'm wondering if you can help me out ummm i got a couple of requests the first one is a place to eat ummm in the inner richmond
No, they do not provide extra beds.
No, they do not provide extra beds.
Blind Butcher takes reservations.
Cotogna accepts credit cards.
The WiFi costs $12.95 for 24 hours at this hotel.
Yes. Is it a cheap restaurant?
Is there any more places I can park when I get there?
At Basa Seafood Express, are groups good?
The admission fee at Museum of 3D Illusions is 25 dollars for an adult and 12 dollars for a child.
Does YU GARDEN offer halal options?
Turner's Kitchen does not serve alcohol.
There is a designated smoking area at Travelodge by Wyndham Presidio San Francisco.
There is no alcohol at Bite.
The Curry King does not offer free WiFi.
Yes, Ushio Ramen offers take-out ordering.
The check-out time at Days Inn by Wyndham San Francisco Downtown/Civic Cntr Area is 11:00 AM.
I don't see any visitor centers in that area, though I only see "Bernal Heights" in my system. Would you like to try a different area?
What are your vegetarian options?
What are your vegetarian options?
What are your vegetarian options?
sure they are in alamo square at seven hundred steiner street
Yes, Craftsman and Wolves has gluten free options.
Yes, high chairs are available at this establishment.
Does Hilton San Francisco Financial District have swimming pool onsite?
Is the hotel WiFi accessible?
Andrews Hotel is a 3-star moderately priced hotel in Union Square. There are many other options as well if you'd like me to give you more choices.
do they have a kitchen available for guests
Are there elevators at the Inn at the Opera?
Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen is good for groups.
Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen is good for groups.
Are children allowed to stay at your location?
WiFi isn't available at Sam Wo Restaurant.
What is the noise level like here?
What is the noise level like here?
What is the noise level like here?
What is the noise level like here?
What is the noise level like here?
What is the noise level like here?
What is the noise level like here?
What is the noise level like here?
What is the noise level like here?
Could you tell where a nice beach would be?
Laundry is available at Cityroomz.
The rooms at Laurel Inn, a Joie de Vivre Hotel are air- conditioned.
Brazen Head is considered a good restaurant for groups.
Pharaohs Mediterranean Sandwiches does not have outdoor seats.
No, Saint Johns Chop House doesn't have outdoor seats.
Takara Sushi is good for kids.
Do you offer any vegetarian dishes?
The Anchor Oyster Bar does not take reservations.
Do you have Vegetarian options?
Is free WiFi available at this location?
No high chairs are available at Backstreet Bistro.
Do you have a liquor license
What kind of parking is available?
What kind of parking is available?
What kind of parking is available?
What kind of parking is available?
What kind of parking is available?
What kind of parking is available?
What kind of parking is available?
What kind of parking is available?
What kind of parking is available?
What kind of parking is available?
Ebisu has wine and beer available.
Yes, Aylesbury lodge guest house has a laundry facility.
What is the check in time for Chateau Tivoli?
Souvla serve Beer & Wine Only.
Is there parking and do I need reservations to use it?
Do you accept Apple pay?
Yes highchairs are available at The Copper Kettle
Warkworth House accepts payment by American Express, Visa, Mastercard, Diners Club, JCB, Maestro and Sold.
Does Super Duper Burgers offer bicycle parking?
Does The Marker have concierge service?
Does this restaurant offer gluten free options?
Turner's Kitchen does not have gluten free menu items.
Kokkari Estiatorio does not offer WiFi.
Does the Slice House Haight by Tony Gemignani have Car Parking?
Does Nopalito accept Cryptocurrency as a payment option?
Will there be a concierge service at Acorn Guest House?
There are many museums to see in San Francisco. Do you have a specific area of the city in mind?
sure i found just one spot and it's called corridor restaurant
Is there a designated smoking area at Lovell Lodge?
Kasa Indian Eatery does offer delivery service.
Does Saigon Sandwich offer take-out?
Check out time is 11:00am
Caffee Uno does not provide delivery service.
let me see here ok nothing shows up with those specifications is there anything i can change to find you something
BYOB is not allowed at the Curry Queen.
Airport shuttle
Ten languages are available at Arbury Lodge Guesthouse including: English, German, Greek, French, Spanish, Italian, Hungarian, Russian, Polish, and Latvian.
Yes, Maharajah Tandoori Restaurant has vegetarian options.
Does Nopalito have outdoor seating?
No, Newkirk's doesn't have TV.
What's the noise level at Newkirk's?
What is the security deposit required at Worth House?
Reservations are accepted at Hard Knox Cafe.
New Fortune Restaurant does not accommodate parking for bicycles.
Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen has a casual and classy ambience.
Does it offer room service for in-room dining?
Dogs are not allow at Hard Knox Cafe.
Is parking available at Chateau Tivoli Bed and Breakfast?
The hotel does have an elevator (lift).
Bella Trattoria offers happy hour specials.
Languages spoken are English, and Hindi.
I would like to go to a church in Fillmore
No, Hinodeya Ramen Bar doesn't have TV available.
Bay City Bike Rentals and Tours is good for kids.
Bay City Bike Rentals and Tours is good for kids.
Is Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen good for groups?
I'm sorry, I actually need a 3 star hotel. Are there any in that area?
Do you have WiFi available for guests?
Do you have WiFi available for guests?
Does Tacko have vegan options on its menu?
They are indeed heated.
No, Outerlands does not offer take-out ordering.
No, reservations are not accepted.
No, this establishment does not offer happy hour.
What are my options for parking at Allenbell?
Yes, Berber takes reservations.
Hey, can you let me know if  you have parking available?
Hi, do you offer delivery?
Does Tony's Pizza Napoletana take reservations?
It is wheelchair accessible.
It is wheelchair accessible.
Does parking need a reservation?
Pampanguena Cuisine has bike parking.
Do you serve alcohol at De Luca Cucina?
Happy hour is not offered at Marnee Thai.
You can park your bike at Sam Wo Restaurant.
The Exploratorium is open only on Tuesday from 10:00 am to 5:00 pm.
Loch Fyne does not offer outdoor seating at this time.
Do you guys take Apple Pay?
Do you guys take Apple Pay?
Do you guys take Apple Pay?
How many stars would you like your hotel to have? There are many hotels in Union Square, ranging from one to five stars.
Does the Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton take reservations?.
You may not ask for extra beds at the Kirkwood House.
Do you have happy hour specials?
Do you have happy hour specials?
BYOB is not available.
BYOB is not available.
BYOB is not available.
BYOB is not available.
BYOB is not available.
WiFi is not available at this restaurant.
Do you guys offer vegan options?
Cocum will accept credit cards for payment.
Street parking is available for cars at Starbelly.
Does it offer any Dim Sum with no meat at all?
Hey, is it possible to get my wheelchair in there?
Does Nopalito serve alcohol?
Yes, they offer luggage storage.
Yes bike parking is available at Bellota.
Does your restaurant have a TV available to watch tonight's game?
Do you guys have a happy hour?
Do you guys have a happy hour?
Do you guys have a happy hour?
Do you guys have a happy hour?
Hamilton Lodge does not have a spa onsite.
At the Grant Hotel, extra beds are available to guests, upon request. The maximum number of beds allowed is dependent on your room size and capacity. Extra bed usage is subject to availability.
Do you have TV's available?
WiFi is free throughout Hotel Zelos San Francisco.
Does Civic Center Motor Inn have concierge service?
Is there a happy hour at Foreign Cinema?
No, PREZZO does not have any Halal options.
they're located at six three three larkin street their zip is nine four four one zero nine
Daily housekeeping services are provided at The Monarch Hotel.
11:00 is the check out time at the Presidio Parkway Inn
Does Efes have delivery?
Do they have WiFi for guest?
I was wondering if you have a TV there.
Papito Potrero Hill doesn't offer reservation service to its customers.
Outerlands does not have a TV.
Yes, this restaurant is accessible for wheelchair individuals.
There is housekeeping every day at Autumn House.
Yes, the HI San Francisco Downtown Hostel does have a lift.
Check-in time is 3:00 p.m.
Check-in time is 3:00 p.m.
Are there any spa available?
The Snug is wheelchair accessible.
Kitchen Story has street parking.
Hey, do you guys take reservations?
Nourish Cafe does not offer WiFi.
The dress code at Pizzeria Delfina - Pacific Heights is casual.
WiFi is available for free and is available in all areas
No gluten free options are available at Bistro At The Cliff House.
HK Fusion does not have halal options.
Is Rooster & Rice good for groups?
Noise level is average at Pacific Cafe.
It is not specify if you can park at the Good Mong Kok Bakery.
Does Hobsons House have a bar or restaurant?
Yes, we do have daily housekeeping services.
can I access your establishment with the wheelchair?
Is take-out ordering is available at Nourish Cafe?
La Taqueria is wheelchair accessible.
Does Papito Potrero Hill allow dogs?
Does Souvia have outdoor seating?
Nourish Cafe offers delivery service.
What is the charge for WiFi at Fitzgerald Hotel Union Square?
Check-in time at the Golden Gate Hotel is 3:00 pm
Do they have a facility for guest parking?
Can I pay extra to keep my dog in my room?
Is there any place to store my luggage at Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf?
There is a bar and a restaurant onsite.
Gluten free options are not being offered at this time.
Do you have a type of food in particular you are looking for?
Is Google Pay accepted?
Is Google Pay accepted?
Is Google Pay accepted?
The Souvla is considered good for groups.
Does Fayala accept credit cards?
Do you have delivery/
Is Falafelland wheelchair accesible?
Boudin Bakery & Cafe does not accept Google Pay.
Do you provide any laundry services?
TV is available for viewing at Pier Market Seafood Restaurant.
Free wifi is provided at Hotel Drisco.
No, Cellarmaker House of Pizza does not have TV.
Does Plaj Scandinavian Restaurant & Bar offer delivery?
The noise level at Tuba Authentic Turkish Restaurant is average.
The ambiance at Ushio Ramen is both casual and trendy.
Ali Baba does not offer delivery service.
Do you have TV?
Do you have TV?
Do you have TV?
Do you have TV?
Do you have TV?
Do you have TV?
Do you have TV?
Continental, Vegetarian, Vegan, Halal, Gluten-free, Kosher, Asian, American, Buffet are available for breakfast at Hotel Nikko San Francisco.
Parking is $35 a day.
Are pets allowed at City Centre North B and B?
State Bird Provisions is good for groups.
Parking is available off-road at Archway House.
Do you have housekeeping service or do I have to clean it myself?
Yes, Hinodeya Ramen Bar is wheelchair accessible.
Does Bedouin serve alcohol?
Rooster & Rice does offer takeout.
Yes, that's great, thanks! I'm also looking for a tapas restaurant in Embarcadero.
No you won't be able to get your child extra bedding. Do you have any additional questions?
The payment options SAJJ Mediterranean offers are cash, credit card, google pay, or apple pay.
There is no parking available.
There is no parking available.
What type of attraction are you looking for?
Does Waterfront Restaurant have television?
You cannot pick up order from Nourish Cafe through the drive thru.
No, Kung Food does not offer happy hour.
Does Hunan Home's Restaurant have vegan options?
The Nirala has highchairs for babies.
Outdoor seating is not available at Pipasha Restaurant.
Do I have to make an appointment?
What's the admission fee going to cost me at The Flyer - San Francisco?
Pho Huynh Hiep 2 - Kevin's Noodle House does not serve any alcohol.
Alcohol is served at The Golden Curry.
Do I need to make reservations and is valet parking available?
Can I watch TV while there?
yeah that sounds that sounds interesting uhhh what's the zip code of that beach
Dogs are not allowed at De Afghanan Kabob House.
No, Cathedral of Saint Mary of the Assumption is free to visit.
Will there be a safety deposit box in my room?
Yes, can you tell me their phone number and zip code?
The check-in time starts at 3:00 p.m.
The check-in time starts at 3:00 p.m.
Can I use Google Pay or a credit card at Hops & Hominy.
Do rooms have personal hvac systems?
Limited parking is available on the street in front of the Lensfield Hotel.
The attire is casual at The Pawn Shop.
Does the Nandos have Delivery options?
Yes, Uno Dos Tacos offers free WiFi.
Hey, do you guys have wheelchair ramps available there?
Yes, Super Pan offers delivery.
There is no meeting room or banquet hall
How about the San Francisco Marriott Union Square? It has a 4 star rating and is, as I mentioned, moderately priced.
Does the Snug have any outdoor seating available?
Cotto does not offer take-out ordering.
WiFi is available in some hotel rooms and in public areas.
Does Presidio Kebab accept credit cards?
Baggage storage at the front desk is provided to guests at Hilton San Francisco Financial District hotel.
Is Blind Butcher good for groups?
HK Fusion is not accessible by wheelchair.
The Alembic is good for groups.
Bloomsbury does not offer outdoor seating.
Yes, they provide air conditioning.
The front desk offers concierge service at InterContinental San Francisco.
Truly Mediterranean has vegan friendly options.
TV is available at Oasis Cafe.
Check-in time is from 3:00 p.m.
Check-in time is from 3:00 p.m.
Yes, this property does offer room service.
Which payment methods do you take?
Bon, Nene accepts credit cards and Apple Pay.
Is smoking allowed on the premises?
Is the Oakland Museum of California kid friendly?
Do you take apple pay?
Yes, Waterfront Restaurant is good for groups.
The Zip Code is 94133.
How much are bets in the hotel?
Does Kim Son Vietnamese Restaurant offer live music?
Yes, a $100 damage deposit is required to stay at the FOUNT Hotel.
Yes, there are rooms that have disability access.
There is no drive-thru available at Kung Food.
Is there delivery service offered?
Is there delivery service offered?
Do you offer halal options?
Do you offer halal options?
Do you offer halal options?
Do you offer halal options?
The Phoenix Hotel does have luggage storage.
The Lensfield Hotel does not have any meeting or banquet facilities onsite.
Yes, this property does have an elevator.
Shuttle service is available for the Civic Center Inn
Is the Hyde Street Beach accessible to people in wheelchairs?
There is no bike parking at the Palace of Fine Arts, sorry!
Is there A/C and heat in the rooms?
You can't BYOB at Don Pasquale Pizzeria.
A 50% non-refundable deposit is required to stay at El Shaddai.
What type of language is spoken at the hotel?
What type of language is spoken at the hotel?
What type of language is spoken at the hotel?
What type of language is spoken at the hotel?
What type of language is spoken at the hotel?
What type of language is spoken at the hotel?
What type of language is spoken at the hotel?
What type of language is spoken at the hotel?
What type of language is spoken at the hotel?
What type of language is spoken at the hotel?
What type of language is spoken at the hotel?
What type of language is spoken at the hotel?
What type of language is spoken at the hotel?
What type of language is spoken at the hotel?
What type of language is spoken at the hotel?
What type of language is spoken at the hotel?
What type of language is spoken at the hotel?
Does the hotel have a gym onsite?
There are no pets allowed at Chancellor Hotel on Union Square.
Is baggage storage service available at the front desk?
Is there outdoor seating available at Rooster & Rice?
The GrilledCheezGuy does have outdoor seats.
Hi, does your restaurant accept bitcoin?
Little Gem offers free WiFi service.
Do you clean the rooms every day?
Do you clean the rooms every day?
Does Zen Yai Thai Restaurant have happy hour?
Do you provide takeout orders?
Do you have WiFi there?
Can I bring my dog to Umami Burger Soma District?
Does LAN HONG HOUSE take reservations?
Do you provide kitchens for your guests?
No, Aylesbray Lodge Guest House does not have a lift.
Take-out ordering is available at Pharaohs Mediterranean Sandwiches.
Is there parking available for bikes at Saffron 685?
What type of parking is available at Flour + Water Pizzeria?
sure no problem so i'm finding two locations uhhh i see the de young museum and the san francisco museum of modern art located in the soma
Yes, luggage service is provided for an additional charge.
Check-in time at the Columbus Inn begins at 3:00pm and until 12:00pm.
Does Flour + Water Pizzeria have any happy hour specials?
YU GARDEN does not offer outdoor seating.
Are there high chairs for babies at Pipasha Restaurant?
The Ritz-Carlton offers room service to all of its guests.
This hotel accepts American Express, VISA, MasterCard and Discover.
Google Pay is accepted at Fog Harbor Fish House.
Yes, they are in the cheap price range and their location is 1388 California Street.
Does Hotel Zoe Fisherman's Wharf have swimming pool onsite?
The front desk at Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Union Square is open 24 hours.
Hey, do you guys take reservations there?
Are dogs permitted at Madame Tussauds San Francisco?
What is the ambiance at Nourish Cafe?
Parking is available at Shiraz Restaurant.
Average noise level at Nob Hill Cafe.
What type of payment methods are accepted at the Pacific Cafe?
Which rooms have heating at the Cornell Hotel de France?
What type of fun activity is available at site?
Does Taqueria Los Coyotes offer vegan options?
No, Curry Garden does not have vegetarian friendly options.
Is there free parking available at your hotel?
Hello. Can you please help me find a cable car in Union Square?
The Bird is wheelchair accessible.
Are high chairs available at The View Lounge?
No.Swan Oyster Depot does not allow to bring dogs.
Is the Glass Elevators good for kids?
State Bird Provisions is not good for kids.
Is there parking at Pho Huynh Hiep 2 - Kevin's Noodle House?
Kitchen Istanbul does offer happy hour services.
Is there a fitness center near by?
Sorry, no concierge service is avaliable.
Is it good for kids at Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant?
Benu serves beer and wine only.
How is the noise level?
Do you offer extra beds?
Do you offer extra beds?
Do you offer extra beds?
Parking at Laurel Inn, a Joie de Vivre Hotel costs 39 USD per day.
Outdoor seating is not available.
Outdoor seating is not available.
Outdoor seating is not available.
Outdoor seating is not available.
Outdoor seating is not available.
Outdoor seating is not available.
Outdoor seating is not available.
Do you have bike parking?
Do you have bike parking?
Do you have bike parking?
Do you have bike parking?
Do you have bike parking?
Do you have bike parking?
Do you have bike parking?
Do you have bike parking?
Do you have bike parking?
Do you have bike parking?
Yes, Takara Sushi has TV.
Saigon City does not serve alcohol.
Are reservations required at Tilak?
Is there parking at Anchor Oyster Bar?
Does Boudin Bakery & Cafe offer outdoor seating?
Room service is provided at Holiday Inn San Francisco - Golden Gateway.
A Desi Cafe does not have outdoor seating available.
Does Hunan Home's Restaurant accept reservations?
Do you have a place to store our luggage, or do we have to keep it in the room?
Does the Europa Hotel have airport shuttle service at their location?
are there any museums around lake Merritt
No dogs are allowed at The Monk's Kettle.
Meze Bar does not offer free WiFi.
Yes they offer takeout ordering
Yes, Saffron 685 has vegan friendly options.
Yes, Four Seasons Hotel San Francisco has a luggage storage service.
Yes, free parking is available.
What is the noise level at Umami Burger Soma District?
Yes, I would like a fine dining restaurant anywhere in Union Sqaure.
The Halal Guys offers take-out ordering.
Pets are allowed on request and a fee may apply.
Halal options are available at Efes Restaurant.
Grubbin' offers delivery and take-out.
Is The Mrs. Doubtfire House kid-friendly?
I have found either the Travelodge by Wyndham Presidio San Francisco or the Travelodge by Wyndham San Francisco Bay, both on Lombard Street. Are either of those acceptable?
University Club of San Francisco has meeting or banquet facilities.
There is no extra fee to stay with pets at Hotel Drisco because pets are not allowed.
No, the restaurant does not have TV.
The Grant Hotel check-in time starts at 3:00 PM.
Yes, bikes are allowed at Lands End Lookout.
There is a free continental breakfast at Hotel Drisco.
Does Thai House Express allow credit cards as a source of payment?
Could you recommend a place to stay in Fisherman's Wharf?
Are reservations needed for parking at your hotel?
Does the hotel offer a dry cleaning service?
Vegan meal options are available at Shish Ke Baba.
Parking garage
Parking garage
Parking garage
Parking garage
Heating is available at the Inn on Folsom.
Is there any smoking rooms available?
Do you only offer sit down options?
Do they allow dogs there?
Do you take credit cards as payment?
Restaurant One Seven does not have gluten free options.
When is happy hour?
Yes is there a moderately priced hotel in that same area?
Attire is casual at The Alembic.
Does Stem Kitchen & Garden allow smoking?
Is your restaurant good for corporate group dining?
hi ummm can you tell me the name of a good social club in san francisco's union square
Can you tell me what kind of parking is available at Bernal Heights Park?
What is the noise level like at Super Duper Burgers?
The front desk is not 24 hours here.
The front desk is not 24 hours here.
Adelaide Hostel accepts visa, master card and american express credit cards.
google pay is not accepted.
Is The Flyer - San Francisco safe for those with medical conditions?
You are able to pay with cash and major credit cards.
Can I get alcohol at Umami Burger Soma District?
Are high chairs available at La Tasca?
Free WiFi is available at the Aylesbray Lodge Guest House.
Jackson Court does not offer extra beds.
Is your cafe kid-friendly?
Tilak does offer Apply Pay.
Does your establishment offer a full bar?
Does Lao Table is good for groups?.
English, Spanish, Filipino and Chinese are spoken at Comfort Inn By the Bay Hotel San Francisco.
Parking is available for $60 dollars per day.
Can we bring our own bottle of wine to enjoy with dinner at the Grafton Hotel Restaurant?
Is SAJJ Mediterranean good for groups?
Guests are asked to check out between 7:00AM and 11:00AM.
Do the rooms have internet?
How far in advance do I need to make reservations?
Does the Axiom Hotel have a fitness center?
sure let me check that availability for you sir. for two people i'm finding seven o'clock available and i've gone ahead and successfully booked that table for you
A free breakfast is provided daily.
A Full Bar is available at The Alembic.
Lovejoy's Tea Room doesn't accept Google Pay.
Yes, can you tell me when check-out is at the hotel?
Is outdoor seating available at Tacko?
Can I order take-out at Aziza?
Does the Jinling Noodle bar have free wifi?
Super Pan offers happy hour.
Oasis Cafe is good for groups.
Is there parking at the hotel?
Acorn Guest House does not have a lift.
Can I park my bike at Brenda's Meat & Three?
Is there WiFi at Fayala?
Yes, Deccan Spice is a good restaurant for groups.
They accept cash and credit cards.
They accept cash and credit cards.
They accept cash and credit cards.
Noise level is average at Cool Cravings.
The Golden Gate Hotel is 2 in Union square, there are no 1 star .
Smoking is not allowed at The Snug.
The Chelsea Inn has a 2 star rating. Would you like more information?
Is there a happy hour at Newkirk's?
Does MAHARAJAH TANDOORI RESTAURANT accept credit cards?
Check-in time begins at 4:00 PM.
Is there any age restriction to check-in at Chelsea Inn?
Can I park my bike at this restaurant?
Can I park my bike at this restaurant?
Is there daily housekeeping at Inn San Francisco?
Casual ambience at Pacific Cafe.
Does the Hinodeya Ramen Bar allow dogs?
Can I park my bike at your place?
Pier 39 is at The Embarcadero And Beach St, 94133. Would you also like their phone number?
Backstreet Bistro does not offer halal options.
is delivery available at Lucky Pig?
Yes how about 3 star then?
Do you accept cryptocurrency as payment?
Do you accept cryptocurrency as payment?
This restaurant accepts credit cards.
This restaurant accepts credit cards.
ok ummm that sounds good and can you tell me the zip code of the hotel and address
Winston's Bar and Lounge is present on site at King George.
Okay, do you know of any Local Flavor in that area?
The Kohinoor does not offer outdoor seating.
What time is check out?
What time is check out?
What time is check out?
What time is check out?
What time is check out?
What time is check out?
What time is check out?
What time is check out?
What time is check out?
What time is check out?
What time is check out?
What time is check out?
What time is check out?
An airport shuttle is available at Buena Vista Motor Inn.
Can I bring my cat when I stay here?
Outdoor seating is available at Blue Barn Gourmet.
Yes, 75 dollars is required.
Is Soulva good for kids?
Does not accept cryptocurrency.
Wifi is free at Ashley Hotel.
The Cheesecake Factory has a full bar.
Can I watch the game on TV?
You offer delivery?
Is Pharaohs Mediterranean Sandwiches good for groups?
Are reservations available at Uncle Boy's?
Is there parking at your restaurant?
Do you have highchairs?
Do you have highchairs?
No, the Hotel Sunrise does not have parking available.
Glaze Teriyaki does serve alcohol, however, they serve only beer and wine.
Are dogs allowed at San Francisco Dungeon?
The Italian Homemade Company offers street parking.
Do I need a reservation for Tacko?
Does California Academy of Sciences allow dogs?
Most major credit cards are accepted as payment methods at Inn on Broadway.
What parking services does STAZIONE RESTAURANT AND COFFEE BAR offer?
Yes, The Phoenix Hotel has disability access.
Yes, 24 Hours Front Desk Available.
Yes, 24 Hours Front Desk Available.
thanks
Does Grubbin' offer live music?
BYOB is not possible at Sitar Tandoori.
Does the hotel have parking?
Washington Square Inn accepts Discover, American Express, Visa, and MasterCard.
Is your restaurant wheelchair accessible?
Is your restaurant wheelchair accessible?
Is your restaurant wheelchair accessible?
Is your restaurant wheelchair accessible?
Is your restaurant wheelchair accessible?
Is your restaurant wheelchair accessible?
Is your restaurant wheelchair accessible?
No, SF Citadel does not offer free WiFi.
Yes, Bursa offers take out ordering.
Do  you have Wifi for guests to use?
Does Aliment offer outdoor seating?
American Express, Mastercard and Visa are accepted.
There are no designated smoking areas at the Hi San Francisco City Center hostel.
Do you offer any parking areas there for bikes?
Casual, classy ambience at Piccolo Forno.
Is there a non-refundable security deposit required at Autumn House?
There is bike parking.
There is bike parking.
There is bike parking.
Does Tuba Authentic Turkish Restaurant have a happy hour?
Does Birdsong allow dogs?
Yes, Waterfront Restaurant has bike parking.
Yes, Uno Dos Tacos is wheelchair accessible.
Riverside Brasserie does not have halal options.
No, it is not advised to ride the Flyer if you are pregnant.
Can you store my luggage until it's time for my flight ?
Nob Hill Cafe does not take reservations.
Does Kim Son Vietnamese Restaurant serve beer and wine?
Union Square Plaza Hotel does not have designated smoking areas.
There are vegan options to order.
sure let me see what i can pull up for you ok so there are quite a few options for that one of them that people do tend to enjoy is call san francisco marriott union square
Stem Kitchen & Garden does accept credit cards as payment.
Children are welcome with a registering adult at Lovell Lodge.
Tilak offers take-out ordering.
What about a park?
Parking is provided at Shangai Family Restaurant.
The Wharf Inn provides shuttle service.
Yes heating is provided
Does it serve alcohol?
The Fairmont offers Room Service and this is confirmed in the general amenities section
When the cancellation period (up to 24 hours in advance) is over, only minor changes can be made to booking arrangments, which includes pick-up and drop-off points, passenger details, and pickup time.
Dragon Beaux does offer take-out ordering.
Does the YIPPEE NOODLE BAR offer live music?
Is there outdoor seating at Bizza?
The Flying Falafel accepts credit cards as payment options.
Will I be able to get my wheelchair into your restauranteasily enough?
Is delivery service offered at Hinodeya Ramen Bar?
Yes Franciscan Crab Restaurant is wheelchair accessible.
ROSA'S BED AND BREAKFAST has only iron facilities.
The noise level of Boba Guys is average.
Charlie Chan is not wheelchair accessible.
Is takeout available at Perilla for no charge?
Thanh Binh does not have live music.
Does Turner's Kitchen have a TV?
Mars Bar & Restaurant offers delivery service.
Can you please tell me the ambiance there?
Is Piccolo Forno good for kids?
Is there an age restriction?
Is smoking allowed at the hotel or on the property?
are shuttles available?
Archway House requires a 50 GBP per night security deposit.
Is there a mandatory security deposit at Alexander Bed and Breakfast?
The rooms at  Inn on Broadway are air-conditioned.
Yes, guest rooms have air conditioning.
Can Tilak accommodate group parties?
What's the minimum age to check in?
Payment options at Kohinoor are American Express, Visa, and Mastercard.
Papito Potrero Hill does not offer WiFi.
There is no specific dress code at Old Jerusalem Restaurant and the average attire is casual.
Are reservations accepted at Bistro At The Cliff House?
Sushirrito is very wheelchair accessible toward customers.
Noise level is average at Plaj Scandinavian Restaurant & Bar.
thank you and can you also please check if the rooms are heated there
Does Restaurant One Seven have an outdoor seating area?
Kim Son Vietnamese Restaurant is good for kids.
What is Khamsa's ambience like?
There are both a restaurant and a bar at the hotel.
Is it in the moderate price range?
Is there halal offerings?
Is there air conditioning and heating in the rooms?
Can I bring my dog into Nob Hill Cafe?
The front desk is open 24 hours per day at Travelodge by Wyndham San Francisco Central.
Is there WiFi at  A La Turca Restaurant?
The noise level at Sons & Daughters is average.
Does Good Mong Kok Bakery offer delivery service?
Do you have gluten free menu options?
Do you have gluten free menu options?
How about Hunan Home's Restaurant then, it is in the moderate price range.
Does Tuba Authentic Turkish Restaurant take reservations?
No, Picaro doesn't accept Google Pay.
Does this location have a fitness center onsite?
City Centre North B and B requires a 50% non-refundable security deposit.
I'm looking for a moderately priced 3-star Hotel in that area.
The Inn at Union Square doesn't offer extra beds.
Roma Antica does not offer happy hour.
What methods of payment does the restaurant have?
Is there TV at Nopalito?
Okay, how about a Hotel that's moderately priced instead of cheap?
Check-in at the Lensfield Hotel is between 2 pm and 11 pm.
Burma Love does not take reservations.
The Yu Garden does not offer gluten free options.
Yes, the hotel has facilities for disabled guests.
Is concierge service provided at Andrews Hotel?
What payment options are available at Haas-Lilienthal House?
Hey, what can you tell me about the noise level there?
Can I have a drink with my meal at Bulgara?
What's the star rating?
No Liholiho Yacht Club is not good for kids.
Parking costs $51.30 per day at Club Donatello.
Is there a TV here?
Ailment does not have bike parking.
The hotel has 4 stars.
There is no free WiFi and J Restaurant.
Tacorea doesn't offer happy hour .
Restaurant Two Two does not offer free Wi-Fi.
Good day, are pets allowed?
Does Fable accept Google Pay?
Unfortunately, no information is available concerning high chairs for babies. However, Coqueta is good for kids.
Great, can you also help me find a landmark attraction in NoPa?
Do you offer delivery and is there a fee?
Do you offer delivery and is there a fee?
Do you have wifi for customers?
Do you have wifi for customers?
SESAME RESTAURANT AND BAR does not have gluten free options.
i'm not finding a name for it it's just listed as landmark but it's located on post and buchanan
ok sure let me go and see what's there. all right i'm able to pull up two different options one is boudin ba bakery and cafe and the second one is pier market seafood restaurant
Zazie has outdoor seats.
Will you provide me with the zip code of the hotel.
What languages are spoken at Hilton San Francisco Union Square?
A reservation for parking is not required.
Can we bring in our own bottle of wine for our event?
That information is inclusive.
What are the parking options available at your hotel?
Can I park my car at Cathedral of Saint Mary of the Assumption?
The Souvla does not offer TV.
Is San Francisco Museum of Modern Art by appointment only?
They offer dry cleaning service at an additional charge.
What parking option does Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge offer?
The check-out time at the Alpha-Milton Guest House is any time in the morning until 11 am.
Does this Hotel have any swimming pool?
The ambience of Farm : Table is casual and classy.
Does the Pizzeria Delfina - Pacific Heights have Delivery options?
Yes, I would recommend Lombard Street and the Vallejo Street Steps, which are both in Russian Hill.
Can I bring my dog to Falafelland?
Do you offer a bar?
We don't have delivery service here.
The noise level is average at Hot Sauce and Panko.
The rooms at BRIDGE GUEST HOUSE do not have a safety deposit box.
Is an airport drop-off service available?
Is there on-site private parking at the Bridge Guest House?
No, Aha Fresh doesn't offer delivery.
La Mimosa offers validated parking, street parking and free off street parking.
St. Regis San Francisco provides housekeeping services once a day.
let me see if there is. no unfortunately i'm not finding any motels in fisherman's wharf that are four stars
Can you book a table for 3 for me on Saturday at 5:30?
Columbus Inn provides 24-hour front desk service.
Cityroomz does not have any meeting or banquet facilities.
The ambiance at Sumac is casual.
The Cheesecake Factory is suited for groups.
The Finches Bed and Breakfast has multiple breakfast options, including Full English Breakfast, Vegetarian Breakfast, Salmon Muffin, Omelette, and On Toast.
The front desk is open 24 hours per day at Hotel Zoe Fisherman's Wharf.
Drive thru service is not offered at Roam Artisan Burgers.
Does Um Ma Son accept Credit Cards?
Is there parking available at Dakota Hostel and Hotel?
Underdogs Too accepts all credit cards.
There is both a bar and a restaurant at Kimpton Sir Francis Drake Hotel.
The noise level at Roam Artisan Burgers is average.
Alamo Square does have a dog play area.
Reservations for parking are not needed at Cornell Hotel de France.
The front desk at Home From Home is not open for 24 hours.
Hotel Drisco doesn't offer extra beds.
Galleria does offer take-out services.
Loving Hut accepts Credit Cards.
They do not offer google pay.
Nopalito has street parking.
Yes, please.
Can I use my credit card at Takara Sushi?
How does the Andrews Hotel sound to you?
Aziza is not kid friendly.
Anatolia does not offer live music.
Yes, Do you accept debit?
The Ramp is good for groups.
No, Coit Tower is not by appointment only.
Kasa Indian Eatery does not have happy hour.
Is there a security deposit required to book a room?
Yes, there is a full bar.
What is parking like at Batteries to Bluffs Trail?
Piccino does not accept Google Pay.
What parking do you have there?
Hi, Would you help me look for a nice place to stay in North Beach?
Do you have any halal meals available?
Do you provide any laundry facility?
There is the Cable Car Museum located at 1201 Mason St. Anything else I can help you with?
What recreational things are available?
Unfortunately, Warkworth House doen't have disability access.
Do you deliver orders?
Does Zuni Cafe offer take out ordering?
Can I bring my dog to the Fairmont?
that's a great question let me see which one does and it looks like the holiday inn express has twenty four hour front desk
Are there any kitchen at the site?
Yes, Hotel Spero provides facilities for disabled guests.
Does The Monarch Hotel have concierge service?
Does Sugarhill Kitchen have TV for viewing?
TV is available at Morty's Delicatessen.
Bulgara does not have outdoor seating.
Are wheelchairs able to be there?
What's the check-out time at Hotel Zelos San Francisco?
Would I be able to get an extra bed?
How is the ambiance at What The Chuck?
I have found four possible hotels for you. Would like to stay at the Chelsea Inn on Lombard Street?
Do you offer Wifi?
Live music is not offered at Backstreet Bistro.
Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton does not offer vegetarian friendly options.
I want to stay somewhere expensive.
i was wonering if you guys include  breakfast  for free.
There is no spa at Lovell Lodge.
Does Courtyard by Marriott Fishermans Wharf provide room service?
Seven Hills does not offer delivery service.
Sure, there are a lot of options. What kind of price range would you like to look for?
Yes, 24 Hours Front Desk Avail.
How frequently is housekeeping provided at the hotel?
Can I bring my large group to your restaurant?
No, they do not accept Cryptocurrency as payment method.
No, they do not accept Cryptocurrency as payment method.
Are there any museums in Russian Hill that you can recommend?
Actually do you have any expensive hotels?
There will not be any Wi-Fi connection at Seven Hills.
Are reservations able to be made?
The Halal Guys is wheelchair accessible.
Midsummer House is a wheelchair accesible restaurant.
Sure, how about the Aquarium Of The Bay?
English and Spanish are spoken at the hotel.
WiFi is available and it is free.
Aliment takes reservations.
Can I have an extra bed for my room at JW Marriott San Francisco Union Square?
Are credit cards accepted?
Are credit cards accepted?
Are credit cards accepted?
Are credit cards accepted?
Are credit cards accepted?
Is BYOB possible at Lan Hong House?
Hey, do you guys do delivery?
The Kitava does not have TV.
The cost to use WiFi at City Centre North B and B is 8 GBP per day.
Street parking is available at Swan Oyster Depot.
Yes, Pacific Cafe has high chairs available.
Are there restaurants or bars at the Hampton Inn San Francisco Downtown/Convention Center?
De Afghanan Kabob House does not offer television services.
You can find vegetarian options at this restaurant.
Are you a kid friendly place?
The payment options that are available at The Golden Curry are American Express, Mastercard and Visa.
awesome and could you also help me find a place to get lunch in that same area ummm we're looking for a restaurant that serves japanese curry and is in the moderate price range
Does Besharam offer happy hour?
Yes, bike parking is available at Ushio Ramen.
What payment options are available?
What payment options are available?
What payment options are available?
Yes, Hakka takes reservations.
Can I make a reservation there?
Can I make a reservation there?
Are you wheelchair accessible?
Are you wheelchair accessible?
Are you wheelchair accessible?
Are you wheelchair accessible?
Are you wheelchair accessible?
Are you wheelchair accessible?
Are you wheelchair accessible?
Are you wheelchair accessible?
Are you wheelchair accessible?
Are you wheelchair accessible?
Are you wheelchair accessible?
Are you wheelchair accessible?
Are you wheelchair accessible?
Are you wheelchair accessible?
Are you wheelchair accessible?
Are you wheelchair accessible?
Are you wheelchair accessible?
Are you wheelchair accessible?
Pizzeria Delfina does have delivery.
Do you have live music playing at your location?
Yes. You can park your  bike at Tortellino.
Wifi is free at this lodge.
Does the KoJa Kitchen have TV?
Do they accept credit cards for payment?
Pets are not allowed at this Bed and Breakfast.
Is there WiFi at the Cable Car - California Street Line?
And is there bike parking available right at China Beach?
Are you able to accommodate groups of 10 or more people?
Berber is accessible by wheelchair.
Yes, Cote does offer free WiFi.
Yes, the rooms at Taj Campton Place are heated.
Street parking is the only parking option at Yale Hotel.
There are two in San Francisco but none in Russian Hill. What about San Francisco Museum of Modern Art or de Young?
do you prefer them inside or outside
This company does offer wifi for free
J Restaurant accepts Visa, Mastercard and American Express.
Does the Plaj Scandinavian Restaurant have take-out?
Do I need to make a reservation to park my car here?
certainly. so what i'm finding in the expensive price range is a place by the name of sons and daughters
Dolores Park has street parking available. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, Anchor Oyster Bar has high chairs available for babies.
Yes, the rooms at Motel 6 San Francisco Downtown are air-conditioned.
Yes, Rooster & Rice is good for kids
Is there any free WiFi at your establishment?
The Varsity Restaurant is not wheelchair accessible.
Is it possible to dine outside at Newkirk's?
No, there are no high chairs available at Chiquito Restaurant.
Is there a lift at Kirkwood House?
Am I allowed to bring my own beer to Pizza Express Fen Ditton?
English and Spanish are spoken at the Adelaide Hostel
all right there are quite a few options the one of them that is pretty popular is called the clift royal sonesta san francisco how's that work for you
Sumac does have a delivery service available.
Parking is available on site and costs $70 per day
is Dojo Noodle Bar wheelchair accessible?
The front desk at Aylesbray Lodge Guest House is not open 24 hours.
Luggage storage is provided at W San Francisco.
Is there concierge service at Cityroomz?
What kind of parking do you have available at this restaurant?
Saigon Sandwich does offer take-out ordering.
The Cheesecake Factory does not accept Apple Play.
Are there smoking sections at this location?
Can I park onsite at the Lensfield Hotel
Does Pho 2000 accept Google Pay?
Is there fitness equipment available?
Rice House is not wheelchair accessible.
Do they offer happy hour specials?
Is Burmese Kitchen a good place for groups?
Credit cards are offered at Anatolia as a payment option.
Saffron 685 is not accepting Apple Pay.
Can I order food for delivery at Octavia?
Reservations are accepted at New Eritrea Restaurant & Bar.
what forms of payment do you take
Underdogs Too is wheelchair accessible.
WiFi is free for all location at Signature San Francisco.
are there vegan options?
There is private on site parking
Are there any meeting or banquet facilities at the Archway House?
How much do your charge for wifi?
Do you provide WiFi?
yeah let me see sure ok it says no reservation is needed for parking here
Free Wifi is available at Conservatory of Flowers
Is there any place to park my bike there?
Check in time is 3:00pm
Are vegetarian dishes on the menu at Travellers Rest?
The San Francisco Museum of Modern Art charges $19 for children and $25 for adult admission.
Can I park my bike?
Can I park my bike?
How noisy is it in your restaurant?
Sorry, but bike parking is not permitted at the Legion of Honor. Would you like for me to find other information?
There is free WiFi available.
Dogs are not allowed in at Taqueria Los Coyotes.
Yes, Blind Butcher is a good spot for groups.
Does Rooster & Rice offer WiFi?
Is there WiFi at the Cable Car - Powell/Hyde Line?
Does Super Duper Burgers offer parking?
yeah it's four one five four two one twenty four forty two
Yes, the restaurant serves beer and wine only.
Yes, the restaurant serves beer and wine only.
Yes, high chairs are available at Pipasha Restaurant.
What is check-in time at Hamilton Lodge?
Is Curry Garden accessible with a wheelchair?
San Francisco Museum of Modern Art is not by appointment only.
Does Kimpton Sir Francis Drake Hotel have a fitness center onsite?
The check-in time at Warfield Hotel is at 3:00PM.
Is alcohol served here?
Apple pay is not accepted at Boudin Bakery & Cafe.
Yes room service is available.
What kind of atmosphere does Picaro have?
Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar accepts credit cards.
The Yippee Noodle Bar is not vegetarian friendly.
Are children allowed at this property?
Do you guys accept credit cards?
Do you guys accept credit cards?
Worth house has no free breakfast.
ok nine four one zero nine all right ummm you know i'll be traveling with uhhh my laptop does leopold's have free wi-fi
Do you guys accept credit card payments?
Does the Cova hotel have meeting and banquet facilities?
Do you have a minimum age requirement for check-in?
This is place large enough for groups?
You can park your bike at Sutro Baths.
Where can I park at the Fairmont San Francisco?
Stix does not have live music.
Sure, but I'll be on my bike. Is there any bike parking facility at Lombard Street?
Does Opa Cafe offer delivery service?
Can I reserve a table at Wagamama?
I would recommend the Royal Pacific Motor Inn, would you like to book a room?
Can I bring my own bottle at Tandoori Palace?
Yes, King George has elevators for guests.
the front desk at Axiom Hotel is open 24 hours
We have no banquet facilitiies.
I need an elevator, do you have one?
How late is your room servoice available?
ok and do i need an appointment to visit them. do we have to make a reservation
Ok, is there a restaurant onsite?
The ambience at Tacorea is casual, classy.
Can I park my bike at Tacos El Patron?
Yes, there are vegetarian options.
Yes, there are vegetarian options.
Yes, there are vegetarian options.
Does Tacko have television?
Is bike parking available?
Is bike parking available?
Is bike parking available?
Is bike parking available?
Is bike parking available?
Is bike parking available?
Is bike parking available?
Allenbell does not offer 24 hours service at their facility.
American Express, Master Card, Visa and Discover are accepted at Kimpton Buchanan Hotel.
I need a beach in Castro
The noise level at What The Chuck is average.
Is Wave Organ good for kids?
Zuni Cafe has vegan friendly options.
You cannot park at at Embarcadero Waterfront.
Can I bring my dog to Bac Lieu Restaurant?
There is a gym at San Francisco Marriott Fisherman's Wharf.
Can children ride 7D Expeirence unaccompanied themselves?
Yes, I would like visit a landmark attraction in San Francisco. Can you help me find one please?
What is the noise level at Sam Wo Restaurant?
What breakfast options are offered at Ashley Hotel?
Can my dog stay here with me?
No, pets are not allowed at this property.
No, pets are not allowed at this property.
Air-conditioning is available for rooms at Hotel Zephyr San Francisco.
You must be at least 18 years old to check in at Cityroomz.
Street parking is available for cars at Papito Portrero Hill.
Does Good Mong Kok allow people to bring their dogs?
You cannot park your bike at Californios.
A reservation is not needed for parking at the Harbor Court Hotel
Deli Board is a good place for kids.
Are there any gluten free options at La Raza?
Yes, they do have a fitness center.
Does Mensho Tokyo offer delivery?
The Minna Hotel does not offer extra beds.
Sure. Do you happen to know their address?
I want to see some of Embarcadero's landmarks
Yes, BEI Hotel San Francisco has a lift.
LA RAZA does not offer take-out ordering as a service option.
The opening hours for Seward Street Slides are 9am to 5pm, Tuesday through Sun, and closed on Monday.
I was planning on taking my mother to a celebration there but she can't stand loud music, noise and such. Is it very loud there?
Is there parking available for bikes at Bella Trattoria?
Do you allow cryptocurrency?
There is street parking only at Sugarhill Kitchen.
Stem Kitchen & Garden has an average noise level.
Do you have a place to park my bike?
Do you have a place to park my bike?
There are no halal options.
THE OAK BISTRO does not offer free WiFi.
A continental breakfast with muffins, pastries, cereal and fruit is offered to the guests.
Is parking available at China Beach?
Dogs are not allowed at Shish Ke Baba.
Kitchen Story does have free WiFi.
Does Columbus Inn provide free parking for its guests?
OK, there is a Hilton Union Square. Shall I provide you their information?
What sort of attire is worn at Takara Sushi?
Roma Antica is family-friendly
What is the minimum age required to check into Alexander Bed and Breakfast?
The property doesn't offer extra beds, unfortunately, but extra beds are subject to availability.
Does Kitchen Story offer free WiFi?
I recommend Hotel Kabuki, a Joie de Vivre Hotel for you sir. It's a 4 star with a reasonable price.
No, Nick's Crispy Tacos does not have a drive-thru.
There is not a spa onsite at El Shaddai.
Is secure parking provided?
Is there a charge for parking?
Is there a charge for parking?
High chairs for babies are not available at the Rice Boat.
Check-in time at Limehouse is from 15:00.
No, Swan Oyster Depot does not accept Apple Pay.
They speak English, Spanish, and Chinese
There is no additional charge for WiFi.
Can I bring my dog to Rosa's Bed and Breakfast?
Yes, Dolores Park and Seward Street Slides are in Castro. Would you like more information?
Is there an onsite swimming pool at Bridge Guest House?
Franciscan Crab Restaurant does accept Apple Pay.
What kind of happy hour is offered?
Is there a continental breakfast available at Buena Vista Motor Inn?
Does Sitar Tandoori offer takeout?
Cellarmaker House of Pizza does not offer take-out ordering.
Credit cards, Apple Pay, and Google Pay are accepted at Rooster & Rice.
What is the dining atmosphere?
Pets are not allowed at avalon
Does Presidio Parkway Inn provide any concierge service?
Do they have any delivery service?
Lan Hong House does not offer free WiFi.
Does the Kimpton Sir Francis Drake Hotel offer dry cleaning services?
San Francisco City Hall does not accept Apple Pay.
Are pets allowed at the hotel?
Are pets allowed at the hotel?
Hey, are you guys wheelchair accessible?
BYOB is not possible at Lan Hong House.
Is Take-out ordering offered at Pica Pica Arepa Kitchen?
Are there any safety deposit boxes in the rooms?
What is the ambience at Ushio Ramen?
Does Nick's Crispy Tacos have TV?
Does Alpha Inn and Suites have a designated smoking area?
Do you allow smoking at your hotel?
Does La Mediterranee accept credit cards?
Kin Khao has free WiFi available.
sure let's see if that's available ok so it is available and i can now go ahead and book that for you
Express By Holiday Inn Cambridge does not have a fitness center or gym onsite.
Hi, do you guys have wheelchair access there?
The only health and wellness facilities available is a sauna.
Tacos El Patron does not accept reservations.
Halal food options are not available at The Lucky Star.
No because pets are not allowed at the hotel.
Near the beach?
The address is 10 Bernal Heights Blvd and the zip code is 94110.
I'm sorry, there are no gardens in Lakeshore. San Francisco Botanical Garden is in Golden Gate Park. Would you like more information?
is Cryptocurrency accepted at your establishment?
What alcohol does YH-Beijing serve?
Rice Boat does not offer live music.
Is Champa Garden good for groups?
Can I bring a large group?
What languages are spoken at your facility?
Is A Desi Cafe good for groups?
Pho 2000 does not offer delivery service.
Is there any smoking areas at The Cambridge Belfry?
What's the admission fee going to cost me at Oakland Museum of California?
Are children welcome at your hotel?
Jin Mi Korean Cuisine accepts credit cards.
Cityroomz does not provide any shuttle service.
Can I pay with a credit card at Boudin Bakery?
Do you have a parking lot for customers?
What is the minimum check-in age for Cable Car Hotel?
What is the fee for pets at Hotel Drisco?
Does Cordon Bleu offer parking?
The website states that they do not accept Apple pay.
What days and hours is The Flyer open?
The Smokin' Warehouse Barbecue - Sacramento Street has a noise level that is quiet.
There are no safety deposit boxes at Avalon.
Does Plaj Scandinavian Restaurant & Bar offer a full bar?
Does your establishment accept google pay?
Does your establishment accept google pay?
Are there vegan options at Nopa?
Burma Love is good for groups.
Does Little Seoul offer gluten free options?
Shish Ke Baba does not serve alchohol.
Check-out is at 11:00AM.
Can I park my bike at Fort Point?
The Courtyard by Marriott Fisherman's Wharf does not feature a kitchen in its rooms.
Are there any vegetarian options at The Chiquito Restaurant Bar?
It takes 90 minutes to complete the guided tour at Grace Cathedral.
Underdogs Too has outdoor seats.
Lucky Pig does not offer free WiFi.
San Francisco Zoo accepts only credit card as its primary option.
The Orchard Hotel accepts JCB, Diners Club, Discover, Visa and Mastercard as payment.
Depending on which bike you pick, it costs from $8 to $16 hourly. Could I help you with something else?
Payment options available at Frankie and Bennys includes American Express, Mastercard and Visa.
The noise level at Takara Sushi is average.
Can I make a reservation for my family?
Are there kid options available?
I want to go to a garden in Castro
Check out time is noon at the Cova Hotel
Yes, onsite parking as well as validated street parking is available.
No, Lovell Lodge does not have meeting or banquet facilities.
Are the rooms at the University Club of San Francisco heated?
Does Jiangnan Cuisine allow dogs?
No, they don't currently have any vegetarian options on there menu yet.
Is there bike parking allowed there?
Are animals allowed there?
Does this hotel accept credit cards for payment?
Home from home does not provide a free daily breakfast.
Yes, is there wheelchair accessibility at Seward Street Slides?
great thanks ummm can you also check if it's a good place for kids
Yes, the Lensfield Hotel provides room services.
Thanks. I need the phone number as well.
Does the Pho Huynh Hiep 2 - Kevin's Noodle House offer take-out ordering?
Does Carolina Bed and Breakfast offer a luggage storage service?
Does Nopalito have WiFi?
Is there wheelchair access there?
Vegetarian options are available at Pizza Hut City Centre.
Does Pizzeria Delfina - Pacific Heights offer take out?
They regularly offer a happy hour.
Nick's Crispy Tacos has TV.
No, Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen does not offer a happy hour.
Are there any spa services available at Archway House?
Chelsea Inn have lift.
Yes, you can ask for baby chairs at the restaurant.
Bike parking is available at Glaze Teriyaki.
Bella Trattoria is good for kids.
What dining options are available?
The Anchor Oyster Bar does not accept Apple Pay.
Checkout is 12 pm
The hotel accepts the following: American Express, VISA, MasterCard, Diners, JCB, DIscover and Carte Blanche.
The Suites at Fisherman's Wharf address is 2655 Hyde Street, it's 3 stars, and the number is (415) 771-0200.
Do you have WiFi at your location?
Shalimar does not have WiFi.
The Hotel Nikko San Francisco offers room service for the convenience of their guests.
Ocean Beach is a good place for kids.
The Souvla has an ambience that is casual and trendy.
What are the payment options at Shanghai Family Restaurant?
Does Piccolo Forno offer free WiFi?
The Boudin Bakery & Cafe accepts credit cards.
How about on Saturday for a 5 night stay?
Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine does not have outdoor seating.
Yes, Ebisu offers happy hour.
Yes, they have a TV.
Yes, a $150 damage deposit is required to stay at the Francisco Bay Inn.
Can I bring my 2-year-old when I stay here?
Do the rooms have WiFi?
Do the rooms have WiFi?
Do the rooms have WiFi?
Do the rooms have WiFi?
La Mediterranee offers happy hour.
The Cartoon Art Museum is open from 11 am to 5pm but is closed on Wednesdays.
Private parking is available at a location nearby (reservation is not needed) and costs USD 62.70 per day.
How much does it cost to use WiFi at SOMA Park Inn?
Hello. Can you help me find a landmark to visit in Mission?
The check-out time is until 12:00pm at the Hotel Zoe Fisherman's Wharf.
Do they have parking on site?
Take-out ordering is offered at Cool Cravings.
Is Hinodeya Ramen Bar suitable for children?
SAJJ Mediterranean does not serve alcohol.
Does Marlowe offer Delivery service?
La Mediterranee is good for kids.
Cotto does not take reservations at this time.
Does Meze Bar offer delivery service?
The Missing Sock does not have any outdoor seating.
Are there reservations offered?
A shared kitchen is available at Finches Bed and Breakfast.
Is there WiFi available on the train?
This is not a wheelchair accessible restaurant.
Rajmahal does not have highchairs available for babies.
Yes, there are two: the Hyde line and the Mason line. Would you like more information about either of those?
Yes, there is free private parking
I need a hotel that has an elevator.
so i'm not seeing that listed here as a reservation being needed for parking
Yes, Adelaide Hostel provides dry cleaning service with additional charges.
Does Cotogna accept Google Pay?
No, Tony's Pizza Napoletana doesn't offer happy hour.
Is Apple Pay accepted at Pho Huynh Hiep 2 - Kevin's Noodle House?
There is no spa onsite at Ashley Hotel.
yes you can park there.
Does Papito Potrero Hill have options for vegetarians?
Are dogs allowed at Pakwan Restaurant?
Are there vegan options available at El Farolito?
Does Saucy Asian offer WiFi?
The Brazen Head is not good for kids.
Tuba Authentic Turkish Restaurant has vegetarian options available
Hi, Can you help me find a nice place to stay in Union Square?
Does Avalon offer daily housekeeping service?
Will you tell me their address?
uhhh all right bummer no worries ummm you know i'm gonna need a place to stay too can you help me find a say a two star motel in the same area in i dunno the cheap price range
Sure, what are the zip code and phone number?
ok let me go ahead and check their availability all right so it is definitely available so i'll go ahead and book for two people this sunday at twelve thirty for you
I was wondering if you have wi fi for your customers.
Okay, how about a Local Flavor destination in the same area then?
Tasty Pot serves beer and wine only.
Andrews Hotel in Union Square is moderately priced. Would you like to know more?
Do you have any outdoor seating for dinner service?
Does the Hops & Hominy  offer Alcohol?
The Flying Falafel has vegan friendly options.
Is the Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine suitable for groups?
The WiFi is free at the Green Tortoise Hostel.
The Alcatraz tour is 2 hours long.
Does The Flying Falafel serve alcohol?
Yes, vegan and vegetarian options are available
A laundry service is available although dry cleaning is not.
Is it quiet at AnMano?
Can we eat outdoors at Super Duper Burgers?
Is alcohol served at Hakka?
Is parking available at this establishment?
Basa Seafood Express is a friendly casual dining experience.
Are there gluten free options available at La Tasca?
PIZZA EXPRESS FEN DITTON is not wheelchair accessible.
Ali Baba does not currently take reservations.
Champ Garden accepts credit cards, but not Apple pay or Google pay.
I have two results. Would you prefer a four star or three star hotel?
Are there any pools available?
Proposition Chicken does serve beer and wine.
Yes Great Mongolia Nomads Restaurant offers delivery service.
Can I get vegetarian food at Nopa?
Troya has high chairs available for babies.
Is smoking allowed at Little Gem?
Daily Housekeeping is provided.
Does Bursa have vegan options?
What is the ambience of Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine?
Yes, free WiFi at Fayala.
Do you have space for groups
There is parking nearby for a cost of $43.32 a day.
No, but they do have a snack bar.
Is Hard Knox Cafe kid friendly?
Is Helmand Palace good for kids?
There is a bar and restaurant at the Holiday Inn San Francisco.
Parking is not allowed at Pier 33.
Payment options are available at Picaro are Accepts all Credit Cards .
Can I get to-go at Marlowe?
Is there a TV at Um Ma Son?
Manna is not good for groups.
No, it's a smoke-free hotel.
Crepes On Cole does not have high chairs, I'm afraid.
Hotel du Vin and Bistro accepts major credit cards.
What entertainment is there?
Can I get to-go at The Fly Trap?
Can I bring my dog if he is on a leash?
of course they're located at five fifty north point street
Does Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar allow dogs?
La Mediterranee has vegetarian options available.
Free WiFi is available at Exploratorium After Dark.
Check-in time is 3:00 p.m. at Civic Center Inn.
Does the Perilla have TV?
No, dogs aren't allowed at Museum Of 3D Illusions.
Yes, Kasa Indian Eatery offers take-out ordering.
The ambience at Super Duper Burgers is casual, classy.
The ambience at Super Duper Burgers is casual, classy.
The Hotel Spero should fit your needs. It is a 4 star hotel in Union Square, and it's moderately priced.
Where can I park when I come to Nick's Crispy Tacos?
Does Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen have vegan options?
SAJJ Mediterranean is wheelchair accessible.
Yes, front desk services provides baggage storage.
St. Regis San Francisco does offer a meeting and banquet facility for an additional charge.
Inn San Francisco does not offer extra beds.
i'm not finding any expensive places in that area for pizza is there something else i can check for you
Extra beds are not offered at JW Marriott San Francisco Union Square.
Outdoor seating is available at Shalimar.
The ambience of A Desi Cafe is casual.
Park Tavern accepts credit cards.
Loch Fyne does not offer free Wi-Fi at this time.
Do you guys offer delivery service?
Do you guys offer delivery service?
Do you guys offer delivery service?
Do you guys offer delivery service?
Do you guys offer delivery service?
Does the LA TASCA have delivery service?
There is private parking available here, and charges may apply.
I want a hotel in Union Square.
They speak English, Spanish, Italian, Portuguese, and Chinese at The Clift Royal Sonesta San Francisco.
can you find a place with no age restriction
Only cash is accepted at Good Luck Dim Sum.
Is Bizza wheelchair accessible?
We speak Czech, Greek, English, Spanish, French, Hungarian, Italian, and Polish!
Does DragonEats offer delivery service?
What forms of payments can be used at Kokkari Estiatorio?
Taboun's address is 203 Parnassus Ave.
Does Turner's Kitchen have gluten free options?
Are children good at Takara Sushi?
There is no outdoor seating at Brazen Head.
The zip code for Hinodeya Ramen Bar is 94115.
There is no happy hour at Jasmine Garden.
OK, how much is admission to Madame Tussauds in San Francisco?
WiFi usage is free at Union Square Plaza Hotel.
Is there outdoor seating available at Hops & Hominy?
Is Super Pan wheelchair accessible?
Does Crepes On Cole offer vegan options?
Average noise level at Hinodeya Ramen Bar.
Hunan Home's Restaurant does not offer any soy-free options.
Does My Tofu House offer WiFi service?
Do you accept Apple Pay for payment?
What is the ambience of Bon, Nene?
Rooster & Rice does offer outdoor seating.
Pets are not allowed at Holiday Inn San Francisco - Golden Gaateway.
Is Park Tavern kid-friendly?
Alamo Square is open from 5am to 12am.
Yes, Pizzeria Delfina - Pacific Heights is good for kids.
Bistro At The Cliff House does not accept Apply Pay.
Flour + Water Pizzeria does not take reservations.
Rajmahal does not offer BYOB as a policy option.
There are two beaches in Sea Cliff, would you like the addresses?
Does Super Pan offer delivery?
Is there parking available at Super Duper Burgers?
De Afghanan Kabob House does not accept Google Pay.
Can I bring my own alcohol to Royal Standard?
Is this establishment appropriate for kids?
Is Hunan a good option for group dinner?
Check-in time begins from 3:00 pm at HI San Francisco City Center Hostel.
Does Nob Hill Hotel offer luggage storage?
There is not outdoor seating available at Taj Tandoori.
Do you provide parking for guests staying at the HI San Francisco Downtown Hostel?
Kymmoy does not offer live music.
City Lights Bookstore is open from 10:00 am to 12:00 am every day.
Do you currently accept credit cards?
Is parking free at the Worth House?
The payment methods available at the BEI Hotel San Francisco include American Express, Visa and Mastercard.
Bangkok City serves alcohol.
Can I pay with a credit card at Basa Seafood Express?
Does Truly Mediterranean accept Apple Pay?
Do you allow delivery?
What kind of parking is offered?
What kind of parking is offered?
What kind of parking is offered?
Does the Francisco Bay Inn require a damage deposit?
Carriage Inn does provide luggage storage.
Does the Hilton have a fitness center?
Does Subs offer delivery service?
Do you have a lift?
Do you have a lift?
Do you have a lift?
Do you have a lift?
Do you have a lift?
What hours are the desk open?
No outdoor seating is available at Newkirk's.
The Italian Homemade Company accepts Google Pay.
Cellarmaker House of Pizza does not accept Cryptocurrency.
What is the price range?
Is it okay if we bring a guest in a wheelchair?
Do you accept credit cards for payment?
No, Tony's Pizza Napoletana does not take reservations.
Are the rooms heated at Hilton San Francisco Union Square?
The address is 1625 Post Street.
Do you know if the rooms are heated?
Google Pay is not accepted as a form of payment at Hinodeya Ramen Bar.
Burmese Kitchen allows reservations.
The ambience of New Eritrea Restaurant & Bar is considered casual and classy.
Yes, Petite Auberge offers concierge service.
Could you give me the address and zip code for the Cartoon Art Museum?
Yes, Royal Standard has vegetarian friendly options.
Is smoking allowed at the Francisco Bay Inn?
Yes, Fitzgerald Hotel Union Square has WiFi.
Zuni Cafe accepts credit cards.
Reservations in advance are not needed for parking at the Layne Hotel.
If I can't climb stairs, how can I get to my room on an upper floor?
Hey, Can you please help find a great place to stay in SoMa?
Oh, yes, I've seen pictures. Is it wheelchair accessible?
Is Fable good for groups?
Royal Spice does not offer live music.
Does Orchard Hotel have a concierge service available?
Reservations are not accepted.
Reservations are not accepted.
Can you tell me if the Rotunda serves Cafes food?
What's the cost of admission for kids and adults at the Walt Disney Family Museum?
The payment methods include: American Express, VISA, Diners Club, JCB and Discover.
Does Newkirk's accept Apple Pay?
No, Seven Hills does not have outdoor seating.
COTE does not offer take-out ordering.
Does the Axiom Hotel offer airport shuttle service?
Can I make a reservation for this restaurant?
I was wondering what is the ambience of Jiangnan Cuisine?
Free Off-Street Parking is available at Eraina.
All major credit cards are accepted at chateau Tivoli Bed and Breakfast
The de Young's phone number is (415) 750-3600 and their zip code is 94118. The San Francisco Museum of Modern Art's phone number is (415) 357-4000 and their zip code is 94103.
Hops & Hominy has reservations services.
Midsummer House Restaurant takes all major credit cards.
What are the parking options?
Is parking available for bikes at Ramenwell?
Finches Bed and Breakfast does not provide shuttle service.
sure. absolutely i'm finding one place and it's called grace cathedral
There are facilities for persons with disabilities.
Do you have free WIFI?
Do you have free WIFI?
Is the Kitchen Istanbul good for kids?.
What payment methods are accepted?
What payment methods are accepted?
What payment methods are accepted?
What payment methods are accepted?
No, dogs are not allowed at Truly Mediterranean.
Wheelchair accessibility is not listed among Souvla's amenities.
Yes, they provide concierge at the front desk.
Check-in time is from 4 pm at the Chelsea Inn.
AMBRIDGE LODGE RESTAURANT does not have out door seating.
Smoking is not allowed at Carolina Bed and Breakfast.
Yes, A La Turca Restaurant takes reservations.
Is there any parking at Kin Khao?
No Information about parking car at  SAJJ Mediterranean.
Are dogs allowed at Khamsa?
The Wifi service is 5 GBP/Day at Cityroomz.
There is no wheelchair access at Riverside Brasserie.
Caffe Uno does not serve alcohol.
Yes, InterContinental San Francisco provides dry cleaning service.
This restaurant does indeed offer delivery.
Basa Seafood Express accepts credit cards.
Is there outdoor seating at La Mimosa?
Does Farm : Table serve any alcohol?
No, Europa Hotel doesn't have accessible parking.
Do you have AC?
Do you have AC?
There is no spa onsite at Aylesbray Lodge Guest House.
Does it get loud often?
Does Boudin Bakery & Cafe provide reservations?
Is there a lift at Home From Home?
Yes, this hotel offers concierge.
Yes, this hotel offers concierge.
What is the noise level at The Progress?
Cupid's Span offers street parking and a private parking lot.
ok for the cable car ummm could you give the address and the attraction type
Free off-street parking is available at De Luca Cucina and Bar.
Kirkwood House does not offer concierge service.
Yes, The GrilledCheezGuy is good for groups.
Do you have anything in the pool that will assist those in a wheelchair to use the pool?
Are children allowed to stay at the hotel?
Dogs are not allowed at Cotogna.
No, dogs are not allowed at Super Duper Burgers.
Hi, can you let me know if you have dry cleaning at your hotel?
How much does parking cost at the Hotel Bijou?
Berber accepts credit cards, but not Apple Pay.
Daily housekeeping service is provided by the hotel.
What forms of payment is accepted?
The Alexander Bed and Breakfast does not offer an onsite fitness center or gym.
Does the Petite Auberge have 4 stars and is the the moderate price range?
Parking is not available at the Tilden Hotel, but parking is available close by for a daily fee.
Does Ram's Hotel have accessible parking?
No, the restaurant does not take reservations.
The restaurant accepts credit cards and Apple Pay.
Does Aliment accept Google Pay?
Does Truly Mediterranean have TV?
Would I be able to schedule a group event at Atelier Crenn?
Is Rooster & Rice wheelchair accessible?
Is Rooster & Rice wheelchair accessible?
Does The Snug accept the payment with Google Pay?
The Washington Square Inn provides dry cleaning service for an additional charge.
Is the parking free or do I need to reserve a spot?
Saffron 685 accepts credit cards.
Does the RESTAURANT TWO TWO offer take-out ordering?
is it safe to assume it's air conditioned
Where is the parking located at Golden Gate Hotel?
Home from Home offers accessible parking for free.
The Golden Curry is a wheelchair accessible.
Do you have exercise equipment at the hotel?
There are no designated smoking areas at The Lensfield Hotel.
Hey, can you tell me what payment options you guys accept?
Is there dry cleaning available at Alexander Bed and Breakfast?
How much do you charge or wifi?
Does Michaelhouse Cafe offer outdoor seating?
The YIPPE NOODLE BAR serves all forms of alcohol.
Can I make changes to my booking later?
Can I order gluten free food there?
Do you have complimentary breakfast for your guests?
Pushkin accepts Google Pay.
There is no garden in the Union Square area. But, Botanical Garden is located in 5 miles away.
Do you guys do happy hour?
Baggage storage is available at the front desk services.
yes, Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Downtown has meeting and banquet facilities for an additional charge
hipster classy ambience
The Sugarhill Kitchen does offer outdoor seats.
There is an airport shuttle available.
There is an airport shuttle available.
Does Balompie Cafe have gluten free options?
Does the Pipasha Restaurant allow BYOB option to their guests?
Is Cool Cravings wheelchair accessible?
Sons & Daughters is not good for groups.
Fayala accepts credit cards.
The minimum age to check in is 18.
No, there are no TVs here.
Do you have vegetarian or vegan options?
Jinling Noodle Bar does not have halal options.
Does CITYROOMZ have kitchens available for guests?
Does The Bird offer take-out ordering?
Does Super Duper Burgers have TV?
Does Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen accept reservations?
Yes, this hotel provides daily housekeeping.
Byob is not possible at Midsummer House Restaurant.
Does Nob Hill Inn provide any concierge service?
Do you have free WiFi at W San Francisco?
Does Sitar Tandoori offer free WiFi?
Hello, do you have halal food?
Does Ushio Ramen have a TV?
Yes, the Cathedral of Saint Mary of the Assumption is located in Fillmore. Would you like the address?
Is there TV available at Pho 2000?
Perilla has street parking.
Yes, the rooms at Petite Auberge are air-conditioned. Would you like to go ahead and book a room now?
Is there any laundry service offered by the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel?
Does Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen have happy hour?
Visa and Mastercard are accepted at the Varsity Restaurant.
Are kids allowed there?
Are kids allowed there?
Can I pick up my take-out order from your restaurant?
what is the noise level
Yes, Brenda's French Soul Food offers delivery service.
No, we do not offer seat reservation.
Does this location have wheelchair accessibility?
Do you offer free Wifi for customers?
Holiday Inn Express San Francisco-Union Square has rooms with disability access.
ok perfect do you know if they accept credit cards
Does the Days Inn by Wyndham San Francisco Downtown/Civic Center Area have 24-hour front desk service?
The are vegan options at Aziza.
Yes, daily housekeeping is available at Bay Bridge Inn San Francisco.
The Columbus Inn has daily housekeeping service.
I found Hyde Street Pier for you in Fisherman's Wharf
great uhhh what is the food type they serve
The Bellota is wheelchair accessible.
Children are allowed at ALLENBELL.
Warkworth House offers free WiFi.
Bay City Bike Rentals and Tours is open from 8:30 am to 6:00 pm, seven days a week.
Bay City Bike Rentals and Tours is open from 8:30 am to 6:00 pm, seven days a week.
The Presidio Kebab does not allow dogs.
Can I park there?
When is Alamo Square open and closed every day?
There are no restaurants or bars onsite at the Grant Plaza Hotel.
The admission fee is $36 for an adult and $26 for a child at the California Academy of Sciences.
Kitchen Istanbul does not accept Apple Pay.
American Express, Mastercard, and Visa are accepted at Hakka.
Taj Tandoori does not offer free WiFI.
do they deliver food
Does Hops & Hominy have bike parking?
Yes, free public parking is available on site. Reservation is not possible
There is no outdoor seating available at Balompie Cafe.
There is no room for extra beds at Leverton House.
Yes, there are four of them in that location. I recommend Ripley's Believe It or Not! or Madame Tussauds San Francisco.
Do you ever have live music?
Do you ever have live music?
Do you ever have live music?
Do you ever have live music?
Do you ever have live music?
Is there an onsite swimming pool at Lovell Lodge?
Hello. Can you please help me find a moderately priced hotel in Union Square?
Does Deli Board have a TV?
What languages are spoken at Hobsons House?
There are no safety deposit boxes provided in the rooms.
There are three different bike rental companies, with locations throughout the city. In what area of the city do you want to rent a bike?
No, there are no safety deposit boxes available at Hobsons House.
Delivery is not available at Panahar.
What are the dining options for W San Francisco?
There is an onsite fitness center.
They do not take reservations.
RESTAURANT TWO TWO does not have BYOB available.
Are reservations offered there?
Check-in begins at 4:00 PM.
Does the Cambridge Belfry have a pool?
Is there internet, and if so how much does it cost?
Does Nick's Crispy Tacos accept Google Pay?
Golden Gate Bridge has a toll rate of $8.40 per vehicle.
Can I park my car at Cable Car Museum?
The front desk is open for 24 hours at Hotel Spero.
Are vegan options available at Jiangnan Cuisine?
I want somewhere moderately priced.
Are there vegan and vegetarian foods?
great and do they accept credit cards
Can you tell me what kind of credit cards that you accept?
Franciscan Crab Restaurant offers takeout.
The zip code is 94102.
Does the Brenda's French Soul Food have high chairs for Kids?
Is alcohol served at Kasa Indian Eatery?
Bike parking is available at Molinari Delicatessen.
Can you make a reservation for parking?
Aria Korean Street Food does not have TV available
Do I need a reservations for a parking space?
Hey, do you guys offer take-out orders?
I was curious is there a television at Oasis Cafe?
Does Thai House Express take reservations?
What is the atmosphere at La Taqueria?
Yes. Saucy Asian offers free WiFi.
The museum is good for kids; and the address is 736 Mission Street.
Hi, what kind of parking options do you guys have available there?
Oasis Inn has free on site parking.
Ebisu is good for kids.
Reservations are not accepted at Blue Barn Gourmet.
Yes, the rooms at Hotel Riu Plaza Fisherman's Wharf are air-conditioned.
No Information about Noise level at Souvla.
I want to see local flavor in Castro
Does Cocum have vegetarian items on the menu?
What's the atmosphere there?
Is your hotel good for families?
Good Hotel has private parking onsite for $45 a day.
What time is your happy hour?
The Washington Square Inn offers concierge services.
There are dry cleaning services available at the Hilton San Francisco Union Square.
Can I bring my own beer to City Stop Restaurant?
Is there live music at the Royal Standard?
Takeout is not offered at Restaurant Alimentum.
Is there free WiFi at BEI Hotel San Francisco?
Marlowe has a Trendy, and Classy ambience.
Can I make reservations at Lucky Pig?
It costs 35 USD per day for parking
It does accept apple pay.
Do you offer any parking for customers?
Saucy Asian is good for groups.
Archway House accepts payment by American Express, Visa, Mastercard, Maestro and Switch.
Children are not allowed to stay at Warkworth House.
The ambience of The Alembic is Hipster, Classy.
Is parking available at this location?
Is there a bar or restaurant in the hotel?
hi there i'm going up to san francisco this weekend and i was hoping you could help me out ummm i'm looking to go to a zoo in the city
How much does parking cost at JW Marriott San Francisco Union Square?
No, there is no tv at Beit Rima.
Does Brenda's Meat & Three have vegan food?
Buena Vista Motor Inn has facilities for disabled guests.
Concierge service is provided by the Holiday Inn San Francisco - Golden Gateway.
Is Concierge service available at The Clift Royal Sonesta San Francisco?
The rooms come with free WiFi at Galleria Park.
Is Burma Love good for groups?
Does Turner's Kitchen have vegan options?
Free WiFi is not offered at Mama's On Washington Square.
English, Spanish, and Filipino are spoken at Travelodge by Wyndham San Francisco Central.
Is wifi available for a working lunch?
CURRY GARDEN has available Validated Parking, street parking and off the street free parking.
Is there a high chair there for customers?
Yes, I'd like to book a table for 9 on Friday at 12:30 pm.
Can I bring my poodle?
Can I bring my dog into Sam Wo Restaurant?
Coqueta does not accept Apple Pay.
I do not have any results. Would you like to search for a different type of accomodation in that area?
Maharajah Tandoori Restaurant is no considered wheelchair accessible.
Aria Korean Street Food is not good for groups.
Yes, the Hyatt Place San Francisco/Downtown is a cheap 3 star hotel at 701 3rd St.
Does Pakwan Restaurant offer outdoor seating?
Nandos City Centre does not have gluten free options available.
Is Dumpling Alley good for groups?
You may bring 2 domestic pets, they must be kept on a short lead, or carried in a basket size 85x60x60cm.
There are many choices available. Would you like to narrow it down by price range?
Bangkok City offers delivery.
Do I need a parking reservation for Worth House?
Pizzeria Delfina - Pacific Heights has street parking.
Google Pay is not accepted at Woodhouse Fish.
The languages spoken at the Grant Plaza Hotel included English and Chinese.
Hi, Can you please help me find to go in Union Square, with some local flavor?
What's the dress code for the Museum Of 3D Illusions?
Yes, it is wheelchair accessible.
Yes, it is wheelchair accessible.
Yes, it is wheelchair accessible.
Yes, it is wheelchair accessible.
Yes, it is wheelchair accessible.
Yes, it is wheelchair accessible.
If you wish to visit art museums, I found the de Young Museum and the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art. I can provide more details if you're interested in either or both of these museums.
The Taqueria Los Coyotes are not good for groups.
Sala Thong does not offer free WiFi.
sure let me see what i can find for you all right so one option is showing up it's called the molinari delicatessen is that something you might like
Yes, the museum is good for kids.
Do you offer vegetarian meals?
Do you offer vegetarian meals?
There is not 24 hour front desk service at Finches Bed and Breakfast.
Outerlands does accept reservations.
La Raza does not have halal options.
Pier 33 is not wheelchair accessible.
Motel 6 San Francisco Downtown does not offer extra beds.
For a $60.00 per day charge, parking is available at the hotel.
Perilla offers delivery service.
Payment options appear not to be mentioned.
Bike parking is available at Pizzetta 211.
ok let me see if i can pull something up all right nothing matching those specifications is there something i can change for you
Dogs are not permitted at The Progress.
Sugarhill Kitchen is good for kids. It is near the world's most crookedest street.
Yes, street parking is available here.
Yes, street parking is available here.
Yes, street parking is available here.
Apple Pay is accepted at Grubbin'.
No, Hobsons House doesn't have a bar or restaurant.
Can I check in at any time?
Is there a specific dress code at A La Turca Restaurant?
No. Deli Board does not take reservations.
What are the opening hours at Gregangelo's Velocity Arts & Entertainment each day?
Days Inn by Wyndham San Francisco Downtown/Civic Cntr Area does not provide any luggage storage service.
You can park your car at Travelodge by Wyndham San Francisco Central.
Is there parking at Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine?
sure the address is thirty one sixty six buchanan street and their phone number is four one five six one zero seventy fifty four
What days and hours is Kadampa Meditation Center San Francisco open?
Yes, The Bird is a good restaurant to visit with kids.
Yes, extra beds can be arranged for $20 per night.
The GrilledCheezGuy accepts Apple Pay.
oh ok great not too far uhhh what's the zip code
Marufuku Ramen SF offers take out ordering as a option.
What time is happy hour?
What time is happy hour?
That's called the Franciscan Crab Restaurant. Would you like to reserve a table at that one?
The Harbor Court Hotel's front desk is open 24 hours.
The noise level at Nopalito is average.
Is Flour + Water Pizzeria a dine in restaurant only?
No. Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant does not accept Google Pay.
The hotel accepts American Express, Visa, Mastercard, and Diners Club credit cards for payment.
Is smoking allowed in the hotel?
There are no designated smoking areas at Cityroomz.
When is check-out time at Travelodge by Wyndham by Fisherman's Wharf?
Is there a happy hour at Souvla?
Are there areas I can book for meetings or banquets?
The Gonville Hotel has rooms with disability access.
Plaj Scandinavian Restaurant & Bar does not have TV.
Does Super Duper Burgers offer delivery?
Guests have access to shared kitchen facilities and a lounge area.
Is free WiFi available at Laurel Inn, a Joie de Vivre Hotel?
Hotel Nikko San Francisco is a highly-rated 4-star hotel in Union Square. Would you be interested in this hotel?
Rooster & Rice does offer take-out ordering.
Yes, the address is 1 Ferry Building, and the zip code is 94111.
Beit Rima does not have WiFi.
Does the Azalina's have evening delivery services?
Does Blue Barn Gourmet offer free WiFi?
No.  Pacific Cafe is not good for kids.
for sure it's four one five seven zero five one five zero zero
Do you provide front desk services?
There are handicapped rooms available at Huntingdon Marriott Hotel.
There are no outdoor seating at Kin Khao.
WiFi is free at Alpha-Milton Guest House.
There is a 50% non-refundable security deposit required to stay at the Kirkwood House.
Customers may order delivery at Hard Knox Cafe.
Heating is included at Tilden Hotel.
What are the payment options at Pampanguena Cuisine?
Take-out ordering is available at Aliment.
Does Zen Yai Thai Restaurant have TV?
Yes, a fitness center is available at this property.
Hi, would you help find a place to go in the Lake Merritt area?
Is there bike parking at Glaze Teriyaki?
I would recommend the Vallejo Street Steps. It has the flavor that your looking for.
There is a bar and restaurant onsite.
There is no parking available at the Dakota Hostel and Hotel.
Vegetarian foods is offered at Nopa.
Hunan Home's Restaurant does not have delivery service.
Do you have parking for when we arrive?
No lift is available at Home From Home.
There are no art museums in the Mission area. Do you want to try another area?
Ramenwell does have bike parking.
Are dogs permitted at Rooster & Rice?
Are dogs permitted at Rooster & Rice?
Hi there, I need to make certain there is air conditioning correct?
Does the public parking require reservations?
Do you have gluten free options?
Do you have gluten free options?
Do you have gluten free options?
Do you have gluten free options?
Do you have gluten free options?
Do you have gluten free options?
Do you have gluten free options?
Do you have gluten free options?
Do you have gluten free options?
Do you have gluten free options?
Do you have gluten free options?
Do you have gluten free options?
Do you have gluten free options?
Do you have gluten free options?
Do you have gluten free options?
Do you have gluten free options?
Is there a fee to use wifi?
The Golden Curry does not have gluten free options.
Yes, Anatolia takes reservations.
What about a landmark in Chinatown?
Unfortunately there are no art museums in Monterey Heights. Would you like to find an art museum in a different area?
Can I park at Good Mong Kok Bakery?
What is the noise level at Burma Love?
Pier 39 is kid friendly
Does Taqueria Los Coyotes take reservations?
Do they accept cryptocurrency at SAJJ Mediterranean?
No finess center is available onsite.
Curry Prince does not offer gluten free options.
Coqueta is good for groups.
No, there is no bike parking at Dumpling Kitchen.
You must be at least 18 years old to check-in
Does Kaiju Eats Ramen and Izakaya offer vegan friendly options?
Is it possible to book a table for an outdoor area?
Can I park my car at Ferry Building Bike Rentals?
Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Downtown accepts all major credit cards.
are dogs allowed at el farolito?
Yes, this restaurant provides wheelchair accessibility.
San Francisco Botanical Garden is good for kids.
Are there any additional fees?
Curry Queen offers free off-street parking.
Which credit cards can be used at the hotel?
Is Taboun a good place for kids?
Children of all ages are welcome at the Inn.
Can I get the phone number instead?
Do you guys take reservations?
Do you guys take reservations?
Do you guys take reservations?
Do you guys take reservations?
Do you guys take reservations?
Do you guys take reservations?
Do you guys take reservations?
Do you guys take reservations?
Do you guys take reservations?
Do you guys take reservations?
Do you guys take reservations?
Do you guys take reservations?
Wifi is free at Hyatt Centric center Fishermans Wharf san francisco.
State Bird Provisions  is not offering delivery service.
Can we order takeout?
Yes, can I get the address please?
Foreign Cinema does take reservations
Seven Hills does not offer happy hour.
Validated Parking, Street Parking, Free Off-Street Parking are offered at GALLERIA.
Is public parking free at your location?
What are the different alcohol options available to order at Sitar Tandoori?
Can a wheelchair access your restaurant?
Nope, no WiFi whatsoever at this spot.
Maharajah Tandoori Restaurant takes reservations.
No The 16th Avenue Tiled Steps is not wheelchair accessible.
Does the Dungeon offer free wifi?
Check-in begins at 4:00 PM at Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Downtown
Are groups good at Taboun?
how often are the rooms cleaned?
Delivery service is not offered at Slice House Haight by Tony Gemignani.
We accept cash only with no payment options for credit cards.
The ambience of Aha Fresh is casual.
Winsor Hotel accepts American Express, Visa, Master Card, Discover and Union Pay cards.
No, Chateau Tivoli Bed and Breakfast is smoke free property .
Does Cordon Bleu accept to-go orders?
Does Kimpton Buchanan Hotel have 24-hour front desk service?
fantastic thank you. and once you're done with that i need another request
Bistro At The Cliff House does not take reservations.
Do they have a place to hold meetings there?
Does Asian Box offer outdoor seating?
What kind of pay is accepted?
fairmont ok do you know what type of accommodation that is is that a hotel is that a resort of some sort or
Their phone number is (415) 412-0382, can I help with anything else?
Is wifi free, or do I have to pay extra for it?
Do you offer a full bar?
Do you offer a full bar?
What The Cluck does not serve alcohol.
Souvla offers take-out ordering.
Are there any deposit requirement upon check in?
Bizza is wheelchair accessible.
Parking is free at the Worth House.
The noise level is loud at State Bird Provisions.
Can you tell me what the noise level is like there usually?
Does BACKSTREET BISTRO offer delivery?
Public parking at Travelodge by Wyndham San Francisco Central is $17.25 per day.
What are the hours of operation for the train station?
Is free parking available?
Is free parking available?
Yes. You can park  bike at Pakwan Restaurant.
Are guests allowed to bring dogs at Farm : Table?
What is the ambience of Frascati?
No, Frascati does not offer free WiFi.
great ummm do you know if they take reservations in advance
Yes, children are allowed.
Is your front desk 24 hours or do I have to call at a certain time?
Does ACORN GUEST HOUSE have a spa onsite?
Does Alamo Square Seafood Grill accept reservations?
Do I have to pay for WiFi?
Do I have to pay for WiFi?
Do I have to pay for WiFi?
Lan Hong House does not take reservations.
Hey, is there a place I can park my bike there?
Hey, is there a place I can park my bike there?
A  continental breakfast is available daily in the Union Square, Greystone Hotel; which also includes buffet-style meals.
Check-in time is at 3:00 pm at HI San Francisco Downtown Hostel.
Is it moderately priced though? That's what I'm looking for.
English, Spanish, Hindi, Malay and Chinese are the spoken languages at Coventry Inn, San Francisco, CA.
Sure, there are several local flavor options in different parts of the city. What about Lombard Street in Russian Hill?
They do accept take-out orders.
Yes, there is an elevator here.
Yes, there is an elevator here.
Grubbin' does not serve alcohol.
The noise level at Aliment is average.
The check-out time is at 11:00 AM at this property.
Does Hinodeya Ramen Bar have outdoor seating?
Mangal Mediterranean Restaurant is good for groups.
Are dogs allowed at My Tofu House?
Does Rooster & Rice offer take-out as an option?
all right thank you
Classy is the ambience of Tortellino.
Is smoking allowed at Basa Seafood Express?
San Francisco Dungeon is a good place for kids.
The Axiom Hotel provides a concierge service
Is The Kensington Park Hotel pet friendly?
Vegan foods is offered at Rintaro.
Do i need a reservations for a parking space?
uhhh does the city hall have free wi-fi access
The Zen Yai Thai Restaurant does offer vegan options.
They accept visa, mastercard, and American express
Yes, Holiday Inn San Francisco - Golden Gateway offers baggage storage.
It should take you about 14 minutes to finish the trail.
Check-out time is any time in the morning until 10:30 am at the Kirkwood House.
Nopalito has outdoor seats.
Do you have free wifi there?
Do you have free wifi there?
ok let me go ahead and see what's listed there all right we do have one option showing up it's called sessions at the presidio
Takeout ordering is not offered at Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop.
I was unable to find anything fitting those requirements. How else may I help you?
Are there any room service?
Nopalito currently offers take-out ordering.
Pizza Express serves alcohol.
Plaj Scandinavian Restaurant & Bar isn't a kid friendly zone.
Do I need to reverse a parking spot?
BYOB is not available here.
BYOB is not available here.
Are housekeeping services available?
Are housekeeping services available?
Atelier Crenn does serves Beer & Wine Only.
Yes, bike parking is available here.
There is no room service available at ROSA'S BED AND BREAKFAST.
Can you handle a large crowd?
No, Pacific Cafe does not take reservations.
The Hotel Drisco is listed as having an elevator, so yes.
Bike parking is available at Sessions at the Presidio.
Yes outdoor seating is available.
Yes outdoor seating is available.
BYOB is not possible at La Raza.
Is there an elevator for those that are disabled?
Im sorry there are no parks in Emarcadero.
check in at Good Hotel is 3pm
Alcohol is served as full bar at Stem Kitchen & Garden.
There is street parking at The Lensfield Hotel.
Is it accessible for kidsa?
Check-out time at the Oasis Inn is 12:00 PM.
Do I have to make a reservation at SAJJ Mediterranean?
Yes, free WiFi is available at Burmese Kitchen.
Daily housekeeping is provided.
Daily housekeeping is provided.
Daily housekeeping is provided.
I have looked and there is not a Marriott hotel in that range.
Parking is available at the Comfort Inn By the Bay Hotel San Francisco.
Is the Blind Butcher great for a first date?
Is outdoor seating available at Dumpling Kitchen?
Does Cocum have high scharis?
Yes, The Monk's Kettle serves beer and wine.
Are there snacks easily accessible?
restaurant very good
What are the vegetarian options at Little Gem?
Are pets welcomed at this property?
Jake's Steaks is not the best place for large groups.
Ina Coolbrith Park is located between Taylor & Vallejo Streets.
Does Cotogna take reservations?
Is room service available at the Archway House?
Does Benu have gluten free options?
The restaurant has a casual, classy ambience.
The restaurant has a casual, classy ambience.
The restaurant has a casual, classy ambience.
The restaurant has a casual, classy ambience.
The restaurant has a casual, classy ambience.
When is check out time at Alexander Bed and Breakfast?
Are there safety deposit boxes available at Hobsons House?
Is there a laundry room?
Reservations are accepted at Piccino.
The European Hostel provides an airport shuttle.
Can you find me one that is in the moderate price range and has 3 stars?
No, Apple Pay isn't accepted at Kaiju Eats Ramen and Izakaya.
No dogs allowed at Pushkin.
Parking is free for on-site private parking at the City Centre North B and B.
What is the minimum age of entry to check in at the hotel?
What is the minimum age of entry to check in at the hotel?
What is the minimum age of entry to check in at the hotel?
What is the minimum age of entry to check in at the hotel?
What is the minimum age of entry to check in at the hotel?
What is the minimum age of entry to check in at the hotel?
What is the minimum age of entry to check in at the hotel?
What is the minimum age of entry to check in at the hotel?
What is the minimum age of entry to check in at the hotel?
What is the minimum age of entry to check in at the hotel?
Starbelly have high chairs for babies.
Is the Grant Plaze Hotel a two star place? What would be the price range?
Is there free WiFi service available at Alpha Inn and Suites?
Yes, under most popular amenities it lists heating as one of them.
Which credit cards does Cityroomz accept?
Take-out ordering is offered at Marlowe.
Hidden Garden Steps is an Inner Sunset art attraction. Would you like to know more about it?
J Restaurant does not take reservations.
Is there live music at Rice House?
Are Halal options available?
What is the noise level at Cordon Bleu?
Do you have a gym on premises?
You can not park your car at Embarcadero Public Promenade.
Does Franciscan Crab Restaurant have gluten free options?
La Mar Cebicheria Peruana allows customers to make reservations online.
The check-out time at Hotel Zephyr San Francisco is between 1:00AM - 11:00AM.
All rooms at the Axiom Hotel have heating.
Yes, alcohol is served at Bedouin.
Children are welcome at Inn San Francisco.
English, Italian, Lithuanian, Portuguese, and Russian are spoken here.
The Four Seasons hotel has a concierge service listed in its front desk services
Check-in time is from 15:00 to 22:00.
Bike parking is available at Bay Subs & Deli.
Is WiFi available at Little Gem?
Meeting or banquet facilities are not available Adelaid Hostel.
Do you have meeting rooms available?
Does Mensho Tokyo have WiFi?
Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Downtown/Van Ness Ave does not have pool access.
The noise level of DragonEats is average.
Delivery service is not offered at Bedouin.
What sort of food do you have on site?
Is your hotel good for groups?
What is the noise level at Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen?
Picaro is perfect place for kids.
Ebisu is a good restaurant for groups.
Is Ben Thai Cafe a kid friendly restaurant?
Delivery service is not available at Pizzetta 211.
parking is free
Can we bring our own alcohol to The Slug and Lettuce?
Coffee and continental breakfast are offered.
Kitchen Story has an average noise level.
Are there safe deposit boxes at the Alpa-Milton Guest House?
Yes, room service is available
Do you offer free wi fi there?
Are you a wheel chair accessible restaurant?
Sure. Its address is 781 Beach St and the zip code is 94109.
Yes, Park Tavern is kid-friendly.
Do you serve alcoholic beverages?
Do you serve alcoholic beverages?
Do you serve alcoholic beverages?
Do you serve alcoholic beverages?
Does Restaurant Alimentum offer vegetarian options?
Are dogs allowed there?
Are dogs allowed there?
Are dogs allowed there?
Are dogs allowed there?
Are dogs allowed there?
Do you offer a variety of vegan meal options?
Continental and buffet options are available for breakfast at Warkworth House.
Does Thai Time have an outdoor seating area?
No dogs are allowed at The Bird.
yeah let me go ahead and see what's there. all right we have one place showing up it's called the s. f. citadel how's that sound
Can I sit outside at The GriledCheezGuy?
hi i'm looking for a place to go in twin peaks that has a garden
Do you offer take out orders?
What kind of attractions interest you?
There is a shared kitchen available for guests at El Shaddai.
HK Fusion is pleased to offer street, off-street and validated parking.
Are groups good at Pizzeria Delfina - Pacific Heights?
Is WiFi only available in my room?
The price range is moderate. Would you like to make a reservation?
There is free WiFi.
There is free WiFi.
There is free WiFi.
No, rooms at Axiom hotel are non-smoking.
Is Souvla a good place for groups?
The Hotpot does not take reservations.
The zip code is 94109.
Is there a charge for using the Wifi?
I want to see local flavor in San Francisco
Do you have a gluten free menu?
Do you have a gluten free menu?
Do you have a gluten free menu?
Is there any restaurant or bar onsite at Travelodge by Wyndham Presidio San Francisco?
Kung Food accepts only credit card as its payment method.
Are there highchairs available for my children at Bloomsbury Restaurant?
Deccan Spice offers free WiFi.
High chairs are available at Meze Bar.
Yes, elevators are available at the Inn at the Opera.
The front desk at Amsterdam Hotel is open for 24 hours.
Can you tell me the payment options at Aziza?
Good Mong Kok Bakery does not offer delivery service.
sure let me see if i can find you all right so one option is showing up and it's just alamo square itself
Can I park my car at Painted Ladies?
Can I reserve a table for 5 people at 7 pm tomorrow?
Is parking available at Bon, Nene?
The Hotel Griffon provides baggage storage.
Is there a wheelchair ramp at Pizza Express?
No pets are allowed at Home From Home.
SAJJ Mediterranean does accept Google Pay.
Does Travellers Rest accept credit cards?
What types of payments does Smokin' Warehouse Barbecue - Sacramento Street take?
Does Ebisu have TV?
Are there outdoor seats at Frisco Fried?
Cool Cravings accepts payment in the forms of credit cards and Apple Pay but does not accept Google Pay.
Are there any designated smoking areas at the Bridge Guest House?
Pets are not allowed at the Taylor Hotel San Francisco.
ARE YOU WHEELCHAIR ACCESSIBLE
No, I'm sorry, there are no art museums in Fisherman's Wharf. Can I look for a different attraction for you?
The Super Duper Burgers does have high chairs, but they are not available for babies.
Morty's Delicatessen offers pick-up and delivery services.
Does it have a gym onsite?
The Contemporary Jewish Museum is open from 11:00 am to 5:00 pm every day except for Wednesday when it is closed.
Do you offer WI-FI?
you can get takeout from the Old Jerusalem Restaurant if you like.
El Shaddai does not have lift.
The Andrews Hotel accepts, American Express, MasterCard and Visa.
There is parking nearby for $28 a day
Yes, this is a kid-friendly establishment.
The ambiance of Craftsman and Wolves is hipster and classy.
At least 18 yrs old.
Shuttle service is not provided by The Lensfield Hotel.
Bike parking is not available at Lombard Street.
Laundry service is available although dry cleaning is not.
Yes, Ina Coolbrith Park is kid-friendly.
Does Europa Hotel have accessible parking?
Are the rooms heated at Inn San Francisco?
What are the payment options for Subpar Miniature Golf?
ok and do they have a happy hour
Hamilton Lodge does not provide daily housekeeping.
Does Boudin Bakery & Cafe offer take out ordering?
Fort Point is open 10am to 5pm, Friday to Sunday.
Is alcohol served at the Slice House Haight by Tony Gemignani?
No, The Lensfield Hotel does not have 24-hour front desk service.
Do you offer reservations?
Do you offer reservations?
Do you offer reservations?
Do you offer reservations?
Do you offer reservations?
Is DragonEats by appointment only?
Street parking is available at Nojo Ramen Tavern.
Can we stay there?  Are beds available?
Unfortunately, this restaurant does not offer take out ordering.
Extra beds are available at The Monarch Hotel depending on the room you choose.
What hours is the front desk open for check ins?
What are your front desk hours?
no it does not have lift.
Yes, the hotel has a 24-hour front desk.
What types of breakfast does the White Swan Inn offer?
Ok and now I need a hotel to stay in that area. Can you help?
Google Pay is accepted.
Can I park my car at Belden Place?
Extra beds are not offered at Hotel Zephyr San Francisco.
LOCK FYNE does take reservations.
Is there WiFi at Marlowe?
Does Anchor Oyster Bar offer outdoor seating?
The Golden House does not offer delivery service.
How loud does it get at the Swan Oyster Depot?
yes you do, the parking is private.
They do not offer vegetarian friendly options.
Yes.Rooster & Rice wheelchair accessible.
Is there a wheel chair lift?
There are no high chairs available for babies at Beit Rima.
Is it very loud there?
No, Eraina doesn't have any outdoor seating available.
Live music is not offered at Little Seoul.
Does Foreign Cinema serve alcohol?
Where do I have access to wireless, and how much will it cost?
The latest check-out time is 10:30 A.M.
Prezzo does not offer live music.
No, Nojo Ramen Tavern doesn't accept Apple Pay.
You can't make reservations at Curry Prince.
There is one result. It's the Hyde Street Beach. It's rated 4 out of 5 stars.
The noise level at Ben Thai Cafe is average.
What is the cost for a day, for parking at the Travelodge?
Rooms at the Axiom Hotel are air conditioned
4 are spoken here, English, French, Spanish, and Italian!
Does Sushirrito have TV in the restaurant?
Are there gluten free options on the menu?
Bike parking isn't available at Rintaro.
Do you guys have delivery?
Are there heating on the rooms?
Are there heating on the rooms?
Are there heating on the rooms?
Are there heating on the rooms?
Are there heating on the rooms?
Are there heating on the rooms?
Are there heating on the rooms?
Are there heating on the rooms?
Are there heating on the rooms?
Are there heating on the rooms?
Are there heating on the rooms?
Are there heating on the rooms?
Are there heating on the rooms?
Are there heating on the rooms?
No, The Oak Bistro does not offer take-out ordering.
Do you have high chairs for babies available?
Do you have high chairs for babies available?
Yes, Holiday Inn San Francisco - Golden Gateway has a lift.
Are there designated smoking areas at HI San Francisco City Center Hostel?
Yes, they do accept AMEX. Would you like the address of Madame Tussaud's? Is there anything else I can help you with?
The Hilton San Francisco Financial District does have banquet and/or meeting facilities for an additional charge.
Is wifi offered?
Does The Lucky Star offer any halal options?
Does the Admiral Hotel have heating in their rooms.
do you have delivery service
do you have delivery service
Yes, they do offer a delivery service.
Ashley Hotel does not provide luggage storage.
English and Spanish are the languages spoken at Washington Square Inn.
Are you kid-friendly?
Are you kid-friendly?
Pets are free at The Monarch Hotel.
The zip code is 94133. Do you have any other questions I can help with?
Can you tell me about the dress code and attire?
There is no outdoor seating at Restaurant Alimentum.
No, dogs are not allowed at Coit Tower.
Super Duper Burgers does not have any TV.
I'm looking for a beach that I can go to in Fisherman's Wharf.
Does New Fortune Restaurant accept Google Pay?
No, Hamilton Lodge has no accessible rooms.
Picaro has bike parking.
Yes, Chubby Noodle offers take-out ordering.
Airport pickup is available.
Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen offers bike parking.
Musee Mecanique does not offer free WiFi.
No reservation is needed for free parking.
Does Brazen Head accept reservations?
There are not any meeting or banquet facilities available at Hotel Boheme.
The Fly Trap is good for kids.
Is Zen Yai Thai Restaurant wheelchair accessible?
What is the earliest I can check in?
What is the earliest I can check in?
Does Cotogna offer delivery service?
Does SF Honey Pig Korean BBQ accept reservations?
Kitava does offer take-out services.
Street parking is available at Truly Mediterranean.
Does the CAFFE UNO  serve Alcohol?
Are pets allowed at Super Duper Burgers?
Does Pharaohs Mediterranean Sandwiches serve alcohol?
Is room service available at this hotel?
Does Boba Guys take reservations?
Aylesbray does not have a swimming pool on site.
The Missing Sock does not take reservations.
Do you offer gluten free options at Clowns Cafe?
You can park your car in a private lot at Batteries to Bluffs Trail.
Yes, there is a shuttle service and an airport shuttle service for additional charges
what languages do the staff speak?
Does Conservatory of Flowers accept credit cards?
There is a bar and restaurant onsite at The Clift Royal Sonesta San Francisco.
Happy hour is not offered at Pakwan Restaurant.
Are reservations required at Oasis Cafe?
Yes, luggage storage is available at Civic Center Motor Inn.
Anatolia does not have vegetarian friendly options.
The restaurant has a casual ambience.
Is there free street parking available at Warkworth House?
Am I allowed to bring a pet with me?
Is there a bar?
Is there an onsite spa at Arbury Lodge Guesthouse?
There are designated smoking areas throughout
Bac Lieu Restaurant does not take reservations.
Unfortunately this hotel does not provide extra beds.
Unfortunately this hotel does not provide extra beds.
Hello, what time is happy hour?
Room Service is available at Taj Campton Place.
Does The Snug restaurant have a dress code?
check in is 3pm at Hotel Sunrise
Heating is a general amenity at Hotel Griffon.
Is Oakland Museum of California a dog friendly place?
Does La Mediterranee serve alcohol?
The front desk is open 24 hours at The Suites at Fisherman's Wharf.
Apple Pay is not accepted here.
Can I have my order delivered to my office?
The Chiquito Restaurant Bar does not offer vegetarian friendly options.
Are dogs allowed at Beit Rima?
Yes La Mar Cebicheria Peruana is good for kids.
DO you all have private parking?
Is there a place to sit outside at Kohinoor?
Stem Kitchen & Garden does not allow smoking.
Is take out available at A Desi Cafe?
Can I get an airport drop off from the hotel?
The Hotel Zoe Fisherman's Wharf offers dry cleaning service for an additional fee.
The Museum of 3D Illusions is open from 10:00 am to 10:00 pm every day except Saturday when it is open until 11:00 pm.
Does La Margherita have outdoor seating?
You can find cable cars at Cable Car - Powell/Hyde Line. Would you like to learn more?
Dragon Beaux does offer delivery.
There are several results.Is there a specific cuisine you would like?
No, they do not have outdoor seats.
No, they do not have outdoor seats.
No, they do not have outdoor seats.
No, they do not have outdoor seats.
No, they do not have outdoor seats.
No, they do not have outdoor seats.
There is a Cartoon Art Museum in Russian Hill. Would you be interested in that?
Hello. Can you please help me find a Local Flavor place in Castro?
A security deposit of 20 GBP per stay is required at Acorn Guest House.
Can I order an extra cot to be sent up to my room?
You can order alcohol at this restaurant.
No pets are allowed at Hamilton Lodge.
Is there heat in the guest rooms?
Does the Marnee Thai have Bike parking ?
The Pawn Shop serves beer and wine only.
The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill serves alcohol.
Nob Hill Cafe does not offer delivery service.
Hotel Du Vin and Bistro is wheelchair accessible.
Is parking available at KoJa Kitchen?
Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton does not take reservations.
Is tthe Hotel Zephyr San Francisco open 24 hours a day?
Presidio Parkway Inn provides shuttle service.
Is there a minimum age required to check in at Rosa's Bed and Breakfast?
Can I bring my dog to Bon, Nene?
Are the rooms in this hotel heated?
A reservation is required at the Bel Air Hotel.
Yes, WiFi is available.
Yes, WiFi is available.
Yes, WiFi is available.
Yes, SW Hotel has lift.
Noise level is average at Kin Khao.
Azalina's offers take-out ordering.
Check in time at the Royal Pacific Motor Inn as at 3:00 PM.
No Jake's Steaks doesn't accept Cryptocurrency.
Can someone in a wheelchair eat at one of your tables?
Yes, Dolores Park is located at 19th & Dolores St. Is there any other information you would like about the park?
Can I get alcohol at Subs?
Sorry, but no pets are allowed at Twin Peaks Hotel.
Yes, bike parking is available at Woodhouse Fish.
that's nine four one two one
Are pets are allowed at Hotel Vitale, a Joie de Vivre Hotel?
Subs does not take reservations.
Gonville Hotel does have a lift.
Can I park my bike at Aha Fresh?
What parking does Liholiho Yacht Club have?
Is that a moderate priced hotel?
No, Midsummer House Restaurant does not have high chairs for young children.
What city are you located?
Yes, meeting or banquet facilities are available for an additional charge.
There are no gluten free options available.
Master Card, Visa Diner Club, American Express and JCB are accepted at Taj Campton Place.
Do they have outdoor seating?
Do they have outdoor seating?
Does Ebisu have happy hour?
Credit cards are accepted at Yu Garden.
The zip code 94110 but there is no phone number. They do have a wikipedia page, would you like the webpage address so you can check it out?
Does admission to Belden Place cost anything for either adults or kids?
Do I need reservation for parking at this site?
Do I need reservation for parking at this site?
Yes, WiFi is available for free in all areas
No, it does not offer delivery.
Bike parking is available at Cinderella Bakery & Cafe.
Can I park at Foreign Cinema?
Farm : Table is not good for kids.
Does CatHead's BBQ accept Google Pay?
They are open on Wednesday from 12 to 3pm, Saturday from 12 to 3pm and Sunday from 11am to 4pm.
The Cambridge Lodge Restaurant does not have halal options.
Yes, Petite Auberge has a lift.
What's the price range?
What time is check in at this location?
Finches Bed and Breakfast offers free onsite parking.
Does Saint Johns Chop House offer takeout ordering?
Is there a bar at Shisk Ke Baba?
Dry cleaning service is not provided at Limehouse.
you can call the front desk and request for an extra bed
Thanks can you also tell me if this location is wheelchair accessible?
Unfortunately, there are no landmarks in Mission, but if you're looking for local flavor, I suggest checking out Clarion Alley in Mission. Would you like to hear more about that?
La Mediterranee does not take reservations.
Is there drive thru offered?
Is room service available at your location?
Every morning the Kimpton Sir Francis Drake Hotel serves complimentary coffee and tea, with a themed Sunday brunch.
Are dogs allowed at The Monk's Kettle?
Payment options at Exploratorium are cash, credit card, google play, or apple play.
Does SAJJ Mediterranean serve alcohol?
The check-out time at the Columbus Inn is 12:00PM.
Are you guys open today?
what are the hours of the front desk?
No, Sala Thong does not offer delivery service.
Is the Nirala handicap accessible?
Is parking available at Carolina Bed and Breakfast?
Is there a fee for parking at St. Regis San Francisco?
Kitava has street parking available.
Can you let me know if the Pier Market Seafood is good for kids?
What forms of payment does Ram's Hotel accept?
There are no breakfast options available at the Admiral Hotel.
Can I use the internet there?
No, Restaurant Alimentum does not have halal options.
I want a hotel in North Beach
Do you have vegan options available?
No, they do not offer delivery service.
No, they do not offer delivery service.
No, they do not offer delivery service.
No, they do not offer delivery service.
No, they do not offer delivery service.
Credit cards are accepted at Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine.
Is Pier 39 good for kids?
Unfortuantely there are no restaurants serving Egyptian food in this area. Would you like to search in a different area for Egyptian food?
WiFi is available for free at Newkirk's.
Yes, the Exploratorium offers military discount.
What food and drink amenities are offered at your hotel?
Yes, Bursa is good for groups.
Does your menu have any vegetarian options?
Does your menu have any vegetarian options?
Do you offer wheelchair access?
Pets are not allowed at European Hostel.
Can I take a shuttle to the airport from the hotel?
There are no extra fees for pets staying at Hotel Del Sol.
Do you guys have happy hour?
What types of payment are taken at Warkworth House?
Do I need a reservation at Perilla?
No you cannot order delivery.
Coqueta does not have free WiFi.
The Hotel Riu Plaza Fisherman's Wharf  has elevators available
Is outdoor seating offered there?
Is outdoor seating offered there?
Is outdoor seating offered there?
Yes Sushirrito restaurant is in the moderate price range.
Khamsa is wheelchair accessible.
You can check in from 2:00 P.M. to 10:00 P.M.
is outdoor seating available at Coqueta?
Ambience is trendy, classy.
No, Home from Home does not provide any room service.
KoJa Kitchen is wheelchair accessible.
I found the Europa Hotel. Would you like more information for this hotel?
What is parking like there?
do you offer ADA accessible rooms?
Old Jerusalem Restaurant does not have TV.
Free! Free private parking is available on site (reservation is not needed).
Is this a super loud restaurant?
I want to see landmarks in Russian Hill
The check-in time is from 4pm to 9pm.
Is Tacos El Patron good for groups?
Pizzetta 211 offers beer and wine.
What payment methods does Hot Sauce and Panko take?
No gardens, but the Legion of Honor museum is in Sea Cliff. Does that interest you?
Good evening, do you guys take Apple Pay there?
The maximum weight to ride the Flyer in San Francisco is 300 pounds.
Slice House Haight by Tony Gemignani accepts only credit cards as its payment method.
Dry cleaning is available at extra charge for Hotel Kabuki, a Joie de Vivre Hotel.
Yes, Uno Dos Tacos is good for groups.
All rooms are serviced daily.
Do yo have a concierge?
What kind of breakfast type meals are available?
Does the good luck chinese food takeaway have gluten free options?
Perilla is kid friendly.
Yes bring your dogs!
The staff here speak English and Hindi.
There is no specific dress code at Californios.
ok cool ummm i'm interested could you please give me the phone number for that place
Does I need a reservation for parking at Kimpton Sir Francis Drake Hotel?
What is the challenge level of Batteries to Bluffs Trail?
Is there a specific dress code at Californios?
Is this restaurant wheelchair accessible?
Is this restaurant wheelchair accessible?
Meeting and banquet facilities are available at Kensington Park Hotel.
Yes, Proposition Chicken is kid-friendly.
Staff here speak English and Spanish.
No, there is no delivery service.
Is this place large enough for groups?
Yes the rooms provide AC and Heat.
Bite has a casual to classy ambience.
What are the payment options there?
What are the payment options there?
The check out time is 11 am.
Sumac accepts credit cards.
No, there are no gluten free options available at Backstreet Bistro.
Do you all have a swimming pool?
Is there an age restriction for check-in at Leverton House?
Can I park my bicycle at Sessions at the Presidio?
Is this a good location to bring groups?
How much does parking cost at Americania Hotel?
Is Warakubune Sushi good for kids?
pets are not allowed at Holiday Inn Express San Francisco-Union Square
Can I get a vegan meal at your restaurant?
Can you bring your own alcohol to Pizza Hut Fen Ditton?
Old Jerusalem Restaurant has several vegan friendly options. There are many meatless Middle Eastern dishes to choose from.
Is there free parking at Lovell Lodge?
Is the restaurant vegetarian friendly?
Does Hotel Kabuki, a Joie de Vivre Hotel offer free WiFi service?
Blind Butcher does not offer delivery.
Turner's Kitchen is appropriate for kids.
Is street parking available at your location?
Wagamama does indeed offer free WiFi.
Is there a parking area nearby?
Does Liholiho Yacht Club offer happy hour?
Marlowe does not have outdoor seating available.
The Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Union Square offers rooms with disability access.
Do you know the opening hours for Dolores Park?
What type of parking is offered at Besharam?
Good Duck Dim Sum does not accept Apple Pay.
Are there any swimming pool?
zip code here is nine four one three three
Umami Burger Soma District is good for groups.
Does Presidio Parkway Inn have disability accessible rooms?
Saru Sushi Bar doesn't accept cryptocurrency for payment method.
What are your payment options?
What are your payment options?
Do you have any vegan items on your menu?
Do you have any vegan items on your menu?
Does this location offer delivery?
Is Stix wheelchair accessible?
Do you have agr restrictions of some sort for check in?
What's the noise level at The View Lounge?
What The Cluck accepts credit cards, Google Pay and Apple Pay as payment options.
TV is available for viewing at SF Honey Pig Korean BBQ.
Does The Wharf Inn provide dry cleaning service?
What is the earliest time I can check in?
Do I need a reservation for parking at your location?
Street parking and private lot is available for car parking at Bistro At The Cliff House.
I want an arcade in Russian Hill.
There are no designated smoking areas at the Cable Car Hotel.
Bizza offers take-out.
I want to stay in a hotel, not a hostel. So is there a hotel in the moderate price range in Union Square?
The zip code is 94102. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Hi, can you please help me find a place to go in the City?
Can I make reservations at Subs?
Are there Elevator available at the site?
Are there Elevator available at the site?
Are there Elevator available at the site?
Are there Elevator available at the site?
Are there Elevator available at the site?
Are there Elevator available at the site?
Are there Elevator available at the site?
Are there Elevator available at the site?
Are there Elevator available at the site?
Are there Elevator available at the site?
Are there Elevator available at the site?
Are there Elevator available at the site?
Are there Elevator available at the site?
Are there Elevator available at the site?
Are there Elevator available at the site?
Are there Elevator available at the site?
Are there Elevator available at the site?
Are there Elevator available at the site?
Are there Elevator available at the site?
Bay Subs & Deli is good for kids.
Noise level at New Eritrea Restaurant & Bar is average.
Cryptocurrency is not accepted at Asian Box.
Does Turner's Kitchen have Apple Pay as one of its payment methods?
Do they have televisions there
Cryptocurrency is not accepted at Kaiju Eats Ramen and Izakaya.
No extra bed is available at the Lensfield Hotel.
No, Good Luck Dim Sum doesn't offer delivery.
English, Spanish and Filipino are the three languages spoken at the Aida Plaza Hotel.
Yes, it offers daily housekeeping service.
Do you have an airport shuttle?
Do you serve alcohol at cambridge lodge restaurant?
Shuttle service is available at Europa Hotel.
Thanks, do you have a suggestion for an expensive restaurant in Mission Bay?
Are dry cleaning services offered at your location?
750 Restaurant
Is Cartoon Art Museum good for kids?
Cinderella Bakery & Cafe doesn't serve alcohol.
Does Octavia accept google pay?
Byob is not available at Sesame Restaurant and Bar.
Is parking available at Tartine Bakery & Cafe?
ok let's see here all right there are two options one is called new fortune restaurant and the second one is sam wo restaurant
Yes, The Cheesecake Factory offers takeout.
Is there halal meals at chiquito?
Caffe Uno doesn't have gluten free options.
Maharajah Tandoori does not have outdoor seating available.
Does Slice House Haight by Tony Gemignani have WiFi?
Palace Of Fine Arts does not offer free WiFi.
Is TV available at Rooster & Rice?
Does Four Seasons Hotel San Francisco have accessible parking?
Woodhouse Fish does not have outdoor seating
I'm hoping to find a room that is moderately priced.
The Halal Guys offers delivery service.
CITYROOMZ provides a variety of breakfast options, but not for free.
Is there a kitchen I can use to prepare food?
Cartoon Art Museum is good for kids.
Does Pampanguena Cuisine offer take-out ordering?
There is a fitness center onsite.
There is a fitness center onsite.
The ambience of the Fly Trap is classy.
Is B on the Go adequate for children?
The Hotel Spero does not offer extra beds.
Super Duper Burgers do not offer delivery service.
What options are available for breakfast?
Yes, there are facilities for disabled guests.
What is the ambiance of this place?
University Club of San Francisco provides dry cleaning service for an extra charge.
I suggest the Hotel Bijou on Mason Street. Would you like me to book you a room?
How noisy is it there?
How noisy is it there?
Is there live music at bedouin?
Yes, the minimum age for check-ins at San Francisco Proper Hotel is 18.
Do I need to pay any fee for visiting the place?
Do you have any happy hour specials over there?
Dry cleaning is offered at an additional charge at Chancellor Hotel on Union Square.
Does the Nojo Ramen Tavern accept Google Pay?
of course their phone number is four one five three six two seventy seven thirty three
Nojo Ramen Tavern does have high chairs.
The View Lounge restaurant have high chairs available for babies.
Can I come in my wheelchair?
perfect and one final consideration i will be bringing my dog with me is that allowed
Kirdwood House does not have a pool.
Check in begins at 3 pm.
Hey, can you guys accommodate large groups?
Free Wifi internet is available.
Do you have any TVs there?
Yes, there are gluten free options.
Yes, there are gluten free options.
Is Fog Harbor Fish House good for groups?
Is there a fee to park on site?
Parking is available at The Clift Royal Sonesta San Francisco.
Extra beds are available at the University Club of San Francisco
Does Oasis Cafe have free wifi?
hi ummm i'm planning a trip to san francisco and i was wondering if you can help me find a park i could go to in russian hill
deYoung is open from 9:30 am to 5:00 pm, Tuesday through Sunday, and closed Monday.
The Stem Kitchen & Garden does not offer delivery service.
Mamee Thai does not have vegetarian friendly options.
Can you tell me what kind of vibe the place has?
Arizmendi Bakery does not offer live music.
Is your place good for groups?
Is your place good for groups?
Is your place good for groups?
Yes, the zip code is 94133 and their phone number is (415) 928-1849. Is there anything else I can help you with?
There is free parking onsite at Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge.
This hotel accepts the following cards: American Express, VISA, MasterCard, Diners Club, JCB and Discover.
Are housekeeping services available at Andrews Hotel?
Is disability access available?
How much will it cost for Subpar Miniature Golf?
Does Chateau Tivoli Bed and Breakfast have any smoking rooms?
The ambience of Rooster & Rice is fast casual.
Yes, Asian Box hosts a happy hour.
I found a very nice but expensive restaurant called The Rotunda in this area.
Yes, Cocum accepts take-out orders.
Can I request extra beds at Orange Village Hostel?
No, The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen does not accept cryptocurrency.
The Italian Homemade Company does not take reservations.
Yes, free wifi is available.
You can choose from the Municipal Pier, Palace Of Fine Arts, or the Wave Organ. Which would you like more information on?
A and B Guest House doesn't offer lift.
Thai Time Restaurant does not have outdoor seating.
Are there washers/dryers for personal use?
WiFi is not available at Pizzetta 211.
Uncle Boy's does not accept Cryptocurrency.
I'm looking for a local attraction while in the Presidio in San Francisco.
Sam Wo Restaurant does not accept Google Pay.
Is there parking available?
Is there parking available?
Is there parking available?
Is there parking available?
Is there parking available?
Is there parking available?
Is there parking available?
Is there parking available?
Is there parking available?
Is there parking available?
Street parking is available for guests at the Twin Peaks Hotel.
BYOB is not allowed at Pipasha Restaurant.
There is no kitchen available for guests at Club Quarters Hotel in San Francisco.
Mensho Tokyo does not offer Wifi
Parking is available at Buena Vista Motor Inn.
BYOB is not allowed at The Ghandi.
Does Boba Guys have happy hour?
Yes HK Fusion has vegetarian options.
Pets are not allowed at the Carolina Bed and Breakfast.
Birdsong does not offer delivery service.
Nopalito does not have TV.
Are there elevators at this location?
Does Fitzbillies offer takeout?
Piccolo Forno does not offer happy hour.
Do you have high chair accessibility/
Check-in time is 3:00 p.m. at Dakota Hostel and Hotel.
Can you tell me whether The Suites at Fisherman's Wharf is in the moderate price range, with three stars?
Charlie Chan does not offer free WiFi.
Does the hotel have a pool?
Does the hotel have a pool?
Does the hotel have a pool?
Does the hotel have a pool?
yes there is vegan options available
The Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen does offer Happy Hours.
Yes, Basa Seafood Express offers delivery.
Dogs are not allowed at Kitchen Story.
Is outdoor seating available at Azalina's?
3:00 PM is the check-in time for guests at Orchard Hotel.
Do you provide free WiFi here?
Is there a fitness center at Four Seasons Hotel San Francisco?
Does Kirkwood House provide housekeeping?
Can you order take out?
Will I be able to at least park at Clarion Alley, or do you know?
sure let me see if i can find anything. ok so we do have two options in that area for thai food one is called kin khao and the second is rooster and rice
Yes, there is a 24-hour front desk at Taj Campton Place.
The Golden Wok does not take reservations at this time.
Does Cordon Bleu have vegetarian options?
Do you offer free street parking?
Is there a kitchen and refrigerator available for guests there?
We take Mastercard and Visa.
I don't need the phone number, but could you tell me whether the rooms at the Andrews Hotel are heated?
Is Seven Hills wheelchair accessible?
How much will I need to pay for adults' and children's admission to the Cartoon Art Museum?
great ummm so it sounds like i'll take my dog to the beach can you help me find a place uhhh that we could go to for lunch maybe somewhere moderately priced that serves bar food
can you tell me how many stars it has
yes, the restaurant offers delivery services.
Do we have to pay for Hampton Inn San Francisco Downtown/Convention Center?
A Mano does not offer takeout.
Can you tell me if there is a place to leave my bike at Truly Mediterranean?
Does De Afghanan Kabob house have street parking?
Can I make reservations for parking?
Are reservations needed when I check in?
Gregangelo's Velocity Arts & Entertainment is good for kids.
Do you accept major credit cards for payment?
Is there a fitness center/gym onsite at Carolina Bed and Breakfast?
Music has been loud at times, but has been turned down lately
There is a restaurant and bar on site at the Argonaut Hotel, a Noble House Hotel
Helmand Palace is a good restaurant for groups.
Can I order food for delivery at Kaiju Eats Ramen and Izakaya?
Hi, do you take Cryptocurrency?
Hi, do you take Cryptocurrency?
I doesn't really matter that much, but it should be a park in that area.
What is the check in time for the Tilden Hotel?
Are there highchairs available at Underdogs Too?
Do you offer takeout service?
Microwaves are available for guests at Avalon.
What The Cluck does not offer happy hour.
Cotto does not have live music.
Check-in time is from 3 pm.
Apple Pay is not accepted at Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine.
Dogs are not allowed at Dumpling Kitchen.
How much does parking cost at the hotel?
Does Ramenwell have vegetarian options?
Just an Inn, if possible.
Can I pay by credit card at Burmese Kitchen?
Does Sesame Restaurant and Bar offer halal options?
Ushio Ramen accepts credit cards and cash as forms of payment.
Are there any vegan options?
Of course, the number is (415) 426-5220. May I help you with anything else?
Can you tell me if there is free WiFi at Starbelly?
What type of cuisine are you looking for?
Yes Fable is wheelchair accessible.
How often does housekeeping clean the rooms?
Do you have high chairs for my toddler?
A designated smoking area is available at Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Downtown/Van Ness Ave
What is the ambience at Dumpling Alley like?
Are there any other types of museums in that area that are open for visitors?
Does Oasis Cafe serve any alcohol?
Are groups good there?
Are groups good there?
Are groups good there?
Are groups good there?
Are groups good there?
Does your place take Apply Pay or just credit cards?
There is one restaurant on site, the Campton Place Restaurant.
The Italian Homemade Company does not serve alcohol.
The Hotel Zelos San Francisco's front desk is open 24 hours.
Yes, The Alembic offers free WiFI.
Does the club have a place to workout?
Unfortunately I do not see any museums in the Chinatown area. Do you have another location in mind?
Chiquito Restaurant Bar is not wheelchair accessible.
No, there are no gluten free options.
What is the noise level like at your restaurant?
A damage deposit of US $150.00 is required.
I am not finding information on your website regarding an elevator, could you help?
Yes, Leopold's is a bar.
Can I bring a wheelchair into your restaurant?
Hello, do you guys take credit cards there?
English
Can I order an alcoholic beverage at Galleria?
How late can I get service at the front desk?
Does Souvla have options for vegans?
The time to start checking in is 3 pm here.
Yes, there's a place called Nick's Crispy Tacos. How does that sound?
Is there any bar at the site?
Do you have a price range or star rating criteria in mind or would you like suggestions?
Boba guys does not have outdoor seating.
Do Pizza Huts have highchairs available?
The Tacos El Patron restaurant does not allow dogs.
Does The Ramp accept reservations?
Is there any outdoor seating at Cambridge Lodge Restaurant?
Will I be able to park my bike there?
Basa Seafood Express does offer take-out ordering.
It does not have bike parking.
The Inn on Broadway does not have in room service for guests, currently.
The California Academy of Sciences accepts credit cards.
Parking is not available at Belden Place.
No.The Melt - 455 Market have does not TV.
Zizzi Cambridge offers take-out.
The San Francisco Museum of Modern Art does have parking available.
Does Bella Trattoria accept cryptocurrency?
Are there any gluten free options on your menu?
Hi, I was just wondering if you have parking available for bikes?
Is Molinari Delicatessen suitable for children?
No shuttle service is provided by Gonville Hotel.
The Willows Inn offers free Wifi
What type of on-site service offered on food?
You can collect your ticket from the ticket machines at any train station.
Does Hard Knox Cafe accept Google Pay?
Does Hard Knox Cafe accept Google Pay?
THE CIVIC CENTER INN DOES NOT OFFER EXTRA BEDS.
The Alpha-Milton Guest House does not provide luggage storage service.
Do they accept Apple Pay
Pizza Express does not have outdoor seating.
Do you have any high chairs there?
Is Boudin Bakery & Cafe a noisy restaurant?
Check-out time at the Inn San Francisco is 8:00 AM - 12:00 PM.
The ambiance of Troya is trendy and classy.
I want to go to a museum in Chinatown
What time is check in for Acorn Guest House?
Are dogs allowed inside your establishment?
Is free WiFi available at Sugarhill Kitchen?
Does Presidio Kebab have outdoor seats?.
Apple Pay is not accepted at Kung Food.
Dose Hard Knox Cafe serve cocktails?
Is there bike parking at Nourish Cafe?
Hello, do you have delivery service?
There is valet parking available at Benu.
Is Google Pay accepted at Fog Harbor Fish House?
Parking is 10 GBP per day at the A and B Guest House.
The menu at Shiraz does not have halal options.
Does the LITTLE SEOUL have high chairs for Babies?
only public parking is available
Yes, a guided tour is available at Grace Cathedral.
Live music is not offered here.
Live music is not offered here.
Is Subs a good place to take my kids?
English is spoken at Taylor Hotel San Francisco.
No, Truly Mediterranean doesn't offer happy hour.
Craftsman and Wolves does not take reservations.
No, they do not accept Apple Pay as payment method.
No, they do not accept Apple Pay as payment method.
No, they do not accept Apple Pay as payment method.
No, they do not accept Apple Pay as payment method.
No, they do not accept Apple Pay as payment method.
No, they do not accept Apple Pay as payment method.
No, they do not accept Apple Pay as payment method.
I would recommend Clarion Alley. It has the local flavor that your looking for. Would you like more info?
May I smoke at the hotel?
Does Rajmahal offer takeout orders?
Is there parking available at Kirkwood House?
luggage storage is available at Chancellor Hotel on Union Square
Is there vegan options available here?
Is there vegan options available here?
Could you tell me how much I would pay to get into the Cartoon Art Museum?
Yes, Kimpton Buchanan Hotel has accessible parking.
The Flying Falafel does not have outdoor seats.
Full English or Irish breakfast is served.
Do you provide baggage storage?
Is there any restaurant or bar onsite at Inn at Union Square, a Greystone Hotel?
Can I park my car at Walt Disney Family Museum?
Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine is wheelchair accessible.
Delivery service is not available from Zizzi Cambridge.
Does Subs offer vegan options?
Do you only do walk-in traffic, or can I reserve a table beforehand?
How much does the bike rentals cost?
Does Graffiti offer halal options?
Stem Kitchen & Garden does not allow dogs.
Dogs are not allowed at Bite.
Does the European Hostel have free WiFi available?
Backstreet Bistro does not have vegetarian friendly options.
Free weekday bike parking is available between the hours of 6AM and 7PM. You will be charged 5 GBP/night for weekday overnight parking and 10 GBP/day for weekend parking.
ok let me go ahead and see if what's listed here all right so there's one place showing up it is called kadampa meditation center san francisco
What is the noise level like there?
What is the noise level like there?
What is the noise level like there?
What is the noise level like there?
What is the noise level like there?
What is the noise level like there?
What is the noise level like there?
What is the noise level like there?
What is the noise level like there?
Are there outdoor seats at Kitchen Story?
Is there bike parking available at San Francisco City Hall?
Concierge service is offered at Courtyard by Marriott Fishermans Wharf.
Do you have free wifi?
Do you have free wifi?
Do you have free wifi?
Do you have free wifi?
Do you have free wifi?
Do you have free wifi?
Do you have free wifi?
Do you have free wifi?
Do you have free wifi?
Do you have free wifi?
Do you have free wifi?
Do you have free wifi?
Do you have free wifi?
Would I be able to use apple pay?
Can I pay with Google pay and Apple pay?
There is a bar onsite at this hotel.
That sounds great. Can I have their phone number?
It is a cheap hotel. Will that work?
is a tv available?
Does Saigon City have vegetarian options?
Does the Inn accept credit cards?
City Centre North B and B does not provide luggage storage.
Yes, this hotel has an elevator.
Can Hunan Home's Restaurant patrons pay via Google Pay?
Pizzetta 211 is not good for kids.
Is smoking allowed at a certain area in your location?
Wifi service is available free of charge in all areas at Orchard Garden Hotel.
ok uhhh that'd be great. uhhh one additional thing so still in marina and cow hollow uhhh are there any places that you suggest that you recommend that serve kind of traditional american type food
Nandos does not have live music.
Can I make a reservation for tonight?
Can I make a reservation for tonight?
Exploratorium is in Embarcadero. Would you like their address?
Does have Tacorea have bike parking?
Pipasha has a parking lot.
The Hotel Kabuki, a Joie de Vivre Hotel is 4 stars and Kimpton Buchanan Hotel is 3. Do either of those sound okay?
Do your offer banquet facility?
No it is not good for kids.
No, there is no outdoor seating at Californios.
Are reservations accepted there?
Are housekeeping services provided by FOUND Hotel San Francisco?
Yes, Zazie is good for kids.
Google Pay is not accepted at The Flying Falafel.
I have the Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar. It serves New American Food. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Can I park my bike at Tom and Jerry's House?
Will I be able to get an extra bed put in my room?
Does Coventry Inn have fitness center or gym onsite?
What's the minimum check-in age here?
The check-out time at this hotel is at noon.
Avalon does not have any meeting or banquet facilities.
There is no TV.
There is no TV.
What are the parking options at Stix?
Are any pets allowed at Cow Hollow Inn and Suites?
Do I need to pay for damage?
Do you offer delivery service to customers?
Pets are not allowed at the Inn at Union Square, a Greystone Hotel.
There is no outdoor seating at Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant.
New Dumpling King is a wheelchair accessible site.
Well, I have The Rotunda, which is a tea room in the expensive price range. Is that of interest to you?
What is the ambiance like?
What is the ambiance like?
What is the ambiance like?
What is the ambiance like?
What is the ambiance like?
Is parking available at Uncle Boy's?
yes they do have a happy hour
Dry cleaning is available to guests for an extra charge.
What type of parking is available at Dragon Eats?
Yes, there is free WiFi at the Bel Air Hotel.
that's fine and do they accept apple pay
All rooms at this hotel have heating available.
The minimum age for check-in at Noe's Nest Bed and Breakfast is 21.
What breakfast options do you have?
Is smoking allowed at University Arms Hotel?
What type of atmosphere is at Coqueta?
Does San Francisco City Hall accept Google Pay?
Do you accept credit cards at this restaurant?
Bella Trattoria does not have outdoor seats.
What dining options do you have?
Does Anchor Oyster Bar offer take-out ordering?
The rooms at InterContinental San Francisco are air-conditioned.
Frankie and Bennys does not offer takeout at this time.
What kind of payment do you accept?
KIRKWOOD HOUSE does not have an onsite fitness center.
Is Umami Burger Soma District good for groups?
Alcohol is not served at Dumpling Alley.
Sumac does not serve alcohol.
What is the noise level at Saru Sushi Bar?
Hi, Can you please help me look for a place to stay in Union Square?
Is there TV available at Roam Artisan Burgers?
Can I get take out from Backstreet Bistro?
There is not bike parking at Benu
Yes, Madam Tussauds San Francisco's zip code is 94133.
Are dogs allowed at Underdogs Too?
No access via wheelchair at the Curry Prince.
The check out time at Pacific Heights Inn is 11:00AM.
The Hobsons House does have laundry facilities.
Check-out deadline is 10:30 am.
The Cable Car Hotels rooms have heating.
Hard Knox Cafe does not have outdoor seats.
Fort Point does not offer parking.
The Monk's Kettle does not accept Google Pay.
Yes, can you also tell me what the address, zip code, and phone number of this hotel are?
Under most popular amenities house keeping is listed as being included.
Is alcohol served?
Can I bring my dog with me to Alexander Bed and Breakfast?
Guest rooms are air conditioned at the SW Hotel.
Yes, they offer free parking.
Yes, there is a 1.5 mile trail at Baker Beach.
can i byob to the cambridge chop house?
I need a hotel in North Beach.
What is the check in time?
What is the check in time?
I will also need a place to stay in that area.
Do you have parking and how much it costs?
Prezzo does not offer delivery service at this time.
Hi! I'm hoping to visit a garden attraction in San Francisco. Can you recommend one?
Sugarhill Kitchen does not have any high chairs for babies.
BYOB is not allowed at GRAFFITI.
Does Uno Dos Tacos accept Apple Pay?
Do you have any vegan menu options?
Do you have any vegan menu options?
Do you have an onsite restaurant or bar?
The rooms at Alpha Inn and Suites are heated.
Do you charge for wifi?
Do you charge for wifi?
Will there be a concierge service at Leverton House?
Is there bike parking available at The Bird?
Do you know if they have any facility for bike parking?
Check out time is at 11:00 am.
Is take out ordering available at Ramenwell?
Do you have a place to park bikes?
Grubbin' does not have happy hour services.
A good continental breakfast is available at The Grove Inn. The breakfast includes good coffee.
There may be a fee for pets staying with guests at the Phoenix Hotel.
WiFi isn't available at Super Duper Burgers.
The Missing Sock does not offer free WiFi.
There are unfortunately no zoos in this area. However, there is one park called Mount Davidson Park.
Yes, the phone number is (415) 701-2311. What else can I do for you?
There are no halal options in its' menu here.
Jasmine Garden does have TV.
What is the noise level at Benu?
They accept American Express, Visa, Mastercard, Diners Club, UCB and Union Pay cards.
Yes, the parking is free at the Phoenix Hotel.
They serve beer and wine only.
They serve beer and wine only.
High chairs are available for babies at Bac Lieu Restaurant.
i woul like to know if your  still taking bookings.
The ambience of Marufuku Ramen SF is trendy, classy, and casual.
Rooster & Rice has plenty of outdoor seating. Experience eating outside where it's seventy degrees and sunny.
Yes, La Mediterranee has delivery available.
Does Waterfront Restaurant accept Google Pay?
Do you have parking avaible at your hotel?
Does the GRAFFITI offer take-out ordering?
A La Turca Restaurant does not offer happy hour.
A free breakfast buffet or On the Run Breakfast Bag.
What is the parking switch situation at the white swan in?
No, there are no high chairs.
Hilton San Francisco Financial District provides room service.
The wifi is free to use.
Outerlands accepts credit cards, but does not accept Google Pay, Apple Pay, or cryptocurrency.
Can I bring my own beer to Stazione Restaurant and Coffee Bar?
Do you have designated smoking areas?
Picaro does not offer delivery service.
Unfortunately, Nopalito does not allow dogs in their establishment.
Yes, Tacorea is wheelchair accessible.
There is no outdoor seating at Karaweik Burmese Cuisine.
ok all right ummm is do they have a phone number i could call
Outdoor seats are not offered by THANH BINH.
Do you have wifi in your rooms?
Is there any security deposit required to stay at Bay Bridge Inn San Francisco?
What is the check in time at this location?
Does Royal Spice have free off-street parking?
No it is not wheelchair accessible.
do you have children high chairs
Pharaohs Mediterranean Sandwiches isn't a dog friendly zone.
The only one in Russian Hill is Nob Hill Motor Inn. It is in the cheap range. How does that sound to you?
What types of credit do you all take?
What types of credit do you all take?
Yes, outdoor seating is available at Zuni Cafe.
What is the checkout time at The Clift Royal Sonesta San Francisco?
Are dogs allowed at Coqueta?
Do you have a lift for guests?
Yes, WiFi is available for free at this hotel.
I need a hotel in Union Square
Does housekeeping clean the rooms every day?
Sure, where are the ones close by?
Hello, do you offer any WiFi service at your deli?
Is there a full bar there?
Is there a full bar there?
Is there a full bar there?
When does check-in start at Check-in start?
Gluten free options are not offered at Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton.
Hi, Can you help me find a nice place to eat in Russian Hill, that offers Sanwiches?
No, Chiquito does not offer orders for takeout.
Yes, enjoy free WiFi and The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill.
Does Pizzeria Delfina - Pacific Heights take Apple Pay?
What parking options are available?
What parking options are available?
What parking options are available?
Does Pho 2000 offer outdoor seating?
I don't see any options like that in Union Square. Do you want to try a different area?
Hotel Griffon has a bar and restaurant onsite.
What time is check-out there?
What time is check-out there?
de Young is not by appointment only.
The Club Donatello does provide concierge service.
There are no gluten free options.
There are no gluten free options.
The opening hours are from 10AM to 8PM.
Yes Bar Crudo fits your criteria and the address and contact information are as follows: 655 Divisadero St, San Francisco, CA 94117, and the phone number is: (415) 409-0679.
WiFi is free at the Parker Guest House.
Do you have elevators?
Do you have elevators?
Do you have elevators?
Do you have elevators?
Do you have elevators?
I want to see art in Fisherman's Wharf
La Margherita does not offer gluten free options at this time.
Is there free WiFi at Kasa Indian Eatery?
What payment options does San Francisco Zoo accept?
Does Nick's Crispy Tacos accept Cryptocurrency?
The Hilton San Francisco Union Square does offer baggage storage service
Yes, The Cambridge Chop House takes reservations.
There are 6 people in our party.
Restaurant One Seven does not offer any halal options.
The front desk of the Howard Johnson by Wyndham San Francisco Marina District is open 24 hours.
Ramenwell does not accept Apple Pay.
Does Park Tavern accept Apple Pay?
that's a great question unfortunately i'm unable to determine that for you
Yes, there are TVs at Chubby Noodle.
Is there wheelchair access?
Is there wheelchair access?
Is there wheelchair access?
Is there wheelchair access?
Do you have cooling and heating in the rooms?
Do you have cooling and heating in the rooms?
Do you have cooling and heating in the rooms?
Do you have cooling and heating in the rooms?
Do you have cooling and heating in the rooms?
Their is a 24 hour reception at the Wharf Inn
Concierge service is provided at St. Regis San Francisco.
Hello, can you suggest something fun to do in the Financial District?
yeah no problem so i'm showing a couple i do recommend cupid's span it's a landmark in embarcadero
Proposition Chicken does not have outdoor seating.
American and buffet style
Yes, Besharam offers take-out ordering.
Smoking not allowed at Bizza.
The Andrews Hotel does have disabled access rooms and areas
Hey, are you guys a good option for kids?
Parking is available at Street and Parking Lot for Pho Huynh Hiep 2 - Kevin's Noodle House's customers.
Is there happy hour at La Mediterranee?
What is the refund policy for the tickets?
Are extra beds or cots available?
The atmosphere here is casual and classy.
There is dry cleaning available at The Cambridge Belfry, but it costs an extra fee.
Yes, Crab House at Pier 39 is.  They have a kid's menu and high chairs.
Where do you park when you're staying at Taj Campton Place?
the hotel provides TV in rooms
Can I park my car at Cable Car - Powell/Mason Line?
Yes. Nick's Crispy Tacos offers wheelchair accessible.
No smoking is allowed at The Progress.
Is Golden Gate Bridge Welcome Center wheelchair accessible?
Do you have a meeting room?
The Hotel Vitale does include baggage storage.
Concierge service is available at The Clift Royal Sonesta San Francisco.
Is this a pet friendly place?
Anchor Oyster Bar has an average noise level.
Yes, they have vegan friendly options.
Tacorea serves beer & wine only.
Sure, and I'd like a place to stay in that area as well.
The Meghna does not have outdoor seating.
The JW Marriott San Francisco Union Square has a fitness center onsite.
Amarena does not have a TV.
Is there free Wifi?
Is there a happy hour offerd?
Is there live music at Da Vinci Pizzeria?
There are no extra beds offered at this hotel. The hotel does not have capacity for cribs.
WiFi is not available at The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen.
Is there a fee for parking?
ummm is there any hotel instead
Is Taqueria Los Coyotes by appointment only?
Backstreet Bistro does not offer delivery, sorry.
What is their ZIP code?
Is there a happy hour at Papito Potrero Hill?
When does the check-in time begin at Hotel Bijou?
yeah looks like a great place for kids as it's outdoors
They list rooms with disability access under the amenities section.
Is there private parking on site?
Does Swan Oyster Depot have vegan friendly options?
Hotel does have left.
There are many hotels to choose from. What is your price range?
MaMa Ji's has outdoor seats.
Is it possible to get a wheelchair inside?
Peking Restaurant has delivery services.
Does The Clift Royal Sonesta San Francisco offer dry cleaning?
Yes dogs are allowed at Leopold's.
Can my dog stay with me at Layne Hotel?
WiFi is available at the hotel.
Does your hotel have a round the clock front desk?
They offer street parking.
Legion of Honor isn't a dog friendly zone.
Perilla does not offer free WiFi.
There is a snack bar, vending machines and good coffee available.
Fog Harbor Fish House has bike parking.
Restaurant One Seven does not offer free WiFi.
Can I bring my dog tostay with me?
Can I bring my dog to the Leverton House?
What laguange is spoken at Presidio Parkway Inn?
Can I use Apple Pay at Taqueria Los Coyotes?
Yes.Nourish Cafe is good for kids.
Is this restaurant good for groups?
Yes, all rooms provide heating and air-conditioning.
The rate per day to park is 55 dollars. Would it work for you?
Ebisu does not offer delivery services.
How about the HI San Francisco Downtown Hostel, which has a 3 star rating?
The Front Porch has vegan friendly options.
Is there a place to park at J Restaurant?
Does Woodhouse Fish offer a delivery service?
Yes, there is a fitness center available to guests.
What charges are included in the rates?
Does this hotel have restaurant or bar available?
Check out is between 730 and 1030
Does Takara Sushi offer delivery service?
Can I use cryptocurrency at KoJa Kitchen?
Do you offer extra beds at San Francisco Marriott Fisherman's Wharf?
Yes. Lake Merced allows to bring dogs.
Asian Box does not accept Apple Pay.
No, there is no live music at Hotel Du Vin and Bistro.
DO you have free delivery/
Under listed amenities there is an on-site coffee shop and restaurant listed.
Do you guys take credit cards?
Do you guys take credit cards?
Do you guys take credit cards?
Do you guys take credit cards?
Thai House Express does have vegan friendly options.
Do you guys accept apple pay?
Bridge Guest House does not offer luggage storage as a service at their facility
Do you have anything gluten free on your menu?
Do you have anything gluten free on your menu?
TV is not available at the Marlowe.
No gluten free options at the Curry King.
Foreign Cinema offers delivery and take-out.
Are dogs allow at Hard Knox Cafe?
There dress is casual at Berber.
Stem Kitchen & Garden has a garage and street parking.
Does Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton have free wifi?
Hot Sauce and Panko is good for kids.
Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant is good for groups.
A La Turca Restaurant does have outdoor seats.
Yes, is Cupid's Span accessible to someone in a wheelchair?
Does Good Hotel provide room service?
Old Jerusalem Restaurant is wheelchair accessible.
Breakfast is included at Archway House.
American Express,
What kind of atmosphere does Starbelly have?
The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway does not have free wifi access.
The ambience is hipster, casual, trendy, classy.
Seven Hills is not good for kids.
Hard Knox Cafe does not accept Apple Pay.
Hard Knox Cafe does not accept Apple Pay.
I'm looking for something in the moderate price range.
Do they have a place to work out in?
Can I park my bike at Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen?
No lift is available at Worth House.
Check-in time at King George begins at 3:00 PM.
Yes, there are 2 options for a 3 star hotel. They are Hotel Boheme and Washington Square Inn.
Ali Baba has free off-street parking.
Hogwash is good for groups.
What type of food store is available at the site?
HI! What payment options are offered?
Dogs are not permitted at Karaweik Burmese Cuisine.
The front desk provides baggage storage service.
The Golden House does not have any high chairs available.
Is there always someone at the front desk?
Do you have any TVs in your dining area?
Do you guys have TV?
Do you guys have TV?
Do you guys have TV?
The check-in time at City Centre North B and B is from 14:00.
No, I am not asking about a place to stay right now. I want to see landmarks in Chinatown.
For breakfast, there are bacon and eggs, along with coffee and tea.
A Mano does not accept Apple Pay.
Is WiFi free at La Mimosa?
Facilities are available for guests that need access at Civic Center Motor Inn.
Will alcohol be served at this location?
Can I park at Grubbin'?
The Suites at Fisherman's Wharf provides an airport shuttle service for an additional charge.
Does Taco El Patron have outdoor seats?
Is Google Pay accepted at Lovejoy's Tea Room?
Does the hotel have concierge service?
Yes, breakfast is included in the price of lodging.
Yes, Presidio Parkway Inn is in the cheap price range. Would you look to book a room?
Unfortunately, this restaurant does not offer happy hour.
Unfortunately, this restaurant does not offer happy hour.
Is your front desk staffed around the clock?
Is your front desk staffed around the clock?
Does Molinari Delicatessen have WiFi?
Can you get me the bike rental rates at Bay City Bike Rentals and Tours?
of course it is nine four one zero two
Can I use Apple Pay as a method of payment?
Check-out time is 12:00 p.m.
Do you have a drive-through for to-go orders?
Hey do you guys do carryout and delivery?
Is vegetarian dish available Frankie and Benny's?
TV is not available at Nourish Cafe.
The W San Francisco is a smoke-free property.
Tacos El Patron accepts Apple Pay.
Can I book a smoking room?
The Cheesecake Factory restaurant does not have bike parking.
Farm : Table has an average noise level.
Hi, would you say that your restaurant is a quiet or noisy environment?
What payment options are available at Amarena?
All major credit cards are accepted at Travellers Rest.
Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant does not have a TV.
Does Anatolia offer gluten free options?
Does The Stem Kitchen & Garden offer delivery service?
The Lombard Plaza Motel does not offer extra beds.
There is bike parking at Anchor Oyster Bar.
Are the rooms at Good Hotel heated?
No, Deli Board doesn't serve alcohol.
Does this site offers airport shuttle service?
No dogs are allowed in Champa Garden.
sure let me go ahead and see if it's listed here. all right so unfortunately they don't have their phone number listed with us
Is Nopalito a good place to bring children?
The San Francisco Proper Hotel has concierge service listed under "Front Desk Services" that they provide.
No, dogs are not allowed at Thai Time Restaurant.
Does Leverton House have a spa room available?
Rooms with disability access are available at W San Francisco.
Is there outdoor seating at Octavia?
let me see ok yeah it says that it's good for kids
Street parking is available for La Mediterranee.
What is the ambience at Outerlands like?
Is the atmosphere group-friendly?
Is there gluten free?
yes and there is valet parking
Would you please find out the parking details at Gregangelo's?
Yes, this place is good for groups.
Do you have to get reservation to book at the hotel?
Rooster & Rice is not good for groups.
Rooster & Rice is not good for groups.
Rooster & Rice is not good for groups.
What is the dress code at Coit Tower?
How about the Washington Square Inn, which is in North Beach?
What kind of payment is accepted?
What kind of payment is accepted?
What kind of payment is accepted?
There is no appointment necessary for the San Francisco Botanical Garden.
Marufuku Ramen SF does not allow dogs.
Yes, Restaurant Two Two takes reservations.
Hey, do you guys have any outdoor seating?
Check-out time is until 12:00 PM daily.
Are there any fitness center or gym onsite?
Are there any fitness center or gym onsite?
Parking is only Streets only.
How late is the front desk at The Marker San Francisco open?
Can Super Pan accommodate groups?
Is your restaurant dog-friendly?
Can you give me the confirmation for the booking?
Do they have any museums?
Smoking is not allowed at Dragon Beaux.
The Archway house does not have a front desk that is open 24 hours.
Does Super Duper Burgers deliver?
Could you let me know what time check out is in the mornings?
Tacos El Patron is wheelchair accessible.
Do you offer extra beds for guests ?
Are meeting and banquet facilities available at Hotel Zephyr San Francisco?
You are allowed to park your bike at Deccan Spice.
You can ask for extra beds at Hyatt Place San Francisco/Downtown,
Parking is available at accessible site,garage,Street, and secure site for private Hotel Vitale, a Joie de Vivre Hotel's customers.
Does your hotel have a lift?
Does your hotel have a lift?
Is there any parking available at Dolores Park?
There is no designated smoking area at Lovell Lodge.
Guests can check into the Desmond Hotel at 2 pm.
Tang Chinese does not offer take-out ordering.
What kind of security deposit do you ask for?
Does Swan Oyster Depot have outdoor seating available?
Is there wifi available, and is it an extra charge?
LEVERTON HOUSE has a shared kitchen available for its guests.
Does Taboun serve alcohol?
What is the admission fee at San Francisco Botanical Garden?
Tang Chinese offers street, off-street and validated parking for your convenience.
Birdsong does not accept Apple Pay.
I apologize. They do not have a phone number listed. Would you like any other information about it?
there is secure public  parking nearby at $37.29 per day
A laundry facility is not available at Archway House.
What is the noise level at Morty's Delicatessen?
Yes, there are vegan options.
Yes, there are vegan options.
Yes, there are vegan options.
Yes, there are vegan options.
Yes, there are vegan options.
Yes, there are vegan options.
Yes, there are vegan options.
Yes, there are vegan options.
Yes, Dumpling Alley offers take-out.
You don't need an appointment at Golden State Grill.
Wave Organ is a popular landmark. Would you like more information?
Piccolo Forno accepts credit cards.
The Parker Guest House has areas designated for smoking.
Hotel Boheme is moderately priced and has a 3-star rating. Would you like to book a stay there or search with more strict criteria?
No. Park Tavern does not have a TV.
No, La Taqueria does not accept Cryptocurrency.
Dogs are not allowed at Aliment.
Pets are not allowed at the Cornell Hotel de France
Bella Trattoria takes reservations for you.
50% non-refundable deposit will be charged.
Little Seoul does not offer outdoor seating.
Casual & Classy is the ambience at Pho 2000.
Yes, bike parking is available at Tuba Authentic Turkish Restaurant.
Smoking is prohibited at THE LENSFIELD HOTEL.
what are the payment options at frankie and bennys?
NO RESERVATION IS REQUIRED FOR PRIVATE PARKING AT THE COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT SAN FRANCISCO UNION SQUARE.
No, Tanguito doesn't offer happy hour.
Can you tell me if there are any bookstores in Chinatown?
No reservation is needed for the free on site parking at Francisco Bay Inn.
Look for a bed and breakfast in the moderate price range that has a 3-star rating in Japantown.
Alpha Inn Suites speaks English and Hindi.
Do I need parking reservation at this site?
How much is a bike rental going to cost me at Ferry Building Bike Rentals?
No, BYOB isn't possible at Anatolia.
Yes, Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine is a good place for kids.
Greek, English and Spanish.
What is the admission fee at the zoo?
Civic Center Motor Inn does not offer extra beds.
The company accepts credit cards.
Street parking and private lot are available for cars at Saigon Sandwich.
Does Waterfront Restaurant have a full bar?
Is there smoking allowed at JW Mariott San Francisco Union Square?
Does Cuisine of Nepal have Free Wifi?
The zip code is 94108. Can I help you with anything else?
Do you have vegan friendly option?
Can I order from a full bar?
Can I make a reservation for tomorrow?
Plain Jane is good for kids.
Rajmahal offers free WiFi.
do you have take out
do you have take out
do you have take out
Is Seward Street Slides wheelchair accessible?
Is there a restaurant or bar there?
Noise level at Crepes On Cole is average.
Yes, you can park a bike here.
Yes, Kimpton Sir Francis Drake Hotel does have a fitness center onsite.
Pizzeria Delfina does not allow dogs.
Pushkin doesn't offer reservation service for its customer.
How much do you charge for wifi?
How much do you charge for wifi?
The Walt Disney Family Museum is a popular attraction in that area. The phone number is (415) 345-6800. Would you like more information?
What is the check-out time at Orchard Hotel?
Is there an elevator or do I have to use the stairs?
Luggage storage is provided at the Hi San Francisco Downtown Hostel.
Rooster & Rice have no outdoor seats.
Does Loving Hut serve alcohol?
Are reservations taken there?
Yes, Waterfront Restaurant has TV.
Yes, can you tell me the phone number for them?
Great. Is there bike parking available?
Thai House Express does not accept Apple Pay.
ok ummm could you book two rooms uhhh from tuesday night for two nights
Do you have any rooms with disability access?
No, Panahar does not offer take-out ordering.
Does this restaurant have a bar?
Yes there are rooms with disability access
No, The Varsity Restaurant doesn't offer delivery service at that time.
no, there is a Safe
Are there any 2 star hotels?
Do you guys have a full bar?
Are there hotel room for people with disability accessible?
Cellarmaker House of Pizza does not offer delivery service.
Are there any restaurants near the hotel?
Is Wi-Fi available and is it free?
Yes, Meghna has a selection of wines, beers and liquors.
Does Deccan Spice offer free WiFi?
Do you offer any vegan friendly menu options?
CAROLINA BED AND BREAKFAST does not have a swimming pool onsite.
No, Molinari Delicatessen does not accept Google Pay.
Is it possible to get extra beds brought into the room?
Google Pay is not accepted.
Google Pay is not accepted.
Google Pay is not accepted.
The rooms at ARCHWAY HOUSE are not accessible.
Does What The Cluck accept Apple Pay?
How frequent is your front desk service?
Yes, the Americania Hotel has one onsite swimming pool.
What's the zip code?
Hi, do y'all accept reservations?
Does The View Lounge offer outdoor seating?
Yes, the WiFi is free.
Any breakfast options included?
Apple Pay is not accepted at Frascati.
Its phone number is (415) 771-9000. Do you have any other questions?
Outdoor seating is available at The Fly Trap.
Crab House at Pier 39 does not accept Cryptocurrency.
There is no outdoor seating at Slice House Haight by Tony Gemignani.
Does the University Club of San Francisco offer continental breakfast to its guests?
Check in is between 2:00pm and 10:00pm.
great can you help me reserve a table for two people uhhh today at seven p. m.
Is there parking at Corridor Restaurant?
What time is the check-out at Lovell Lodge?
Bad Lieu Restaurant does not accept Cryptocurrency.
What is the ambience of The Ramp?
The Thai Time Restaurant does not offer Happy Hour.
The most popular one is the Golden Gate Bridge.
Reservations are not needed for the free parking at Inn on Broadway.
Street parking is available at Nopa.
Does Basa Seafood Express accept reservations?
Does Hotel Drisco have 24-hour room service?
Is there an onsite swimming pool at Acorn Guest House?
Does Farm : Table have take-out available?
I would definitely go with Axiom Hotel. Although it has 4 stars it is in the cheap price range.
I would prefer some type of landmark.
Does LAN HONG HOUSE have gluten free options?
Yes, there are a large number of moderately priced hotels in Union Square. Club Donatello is a 4 star hotel located at 501 Post Street.
Does Piccino offer outdoor seating?
Do I have to pay for Wifi?
Do I have to pay for Wifi?
How about any museums?
The place offers street parking.
How noisy is Warakubune Sushi?
No, free WiFi isn't offered at Jinling Noodle Bar.
InterContinental San Francisco offers an onsite fitness center.
Can I use my Visa to pay for the hotel?
Does Karaweik offer vegetarian options?
You can check out The Mrs. Doubtfire House.
Do you offer a concierge service?
Do you offer a concierge service?
Do you offer a concierge service?
Is there accessible parking available at Autumn House?
Great, can you give me the phone number and zip code for that?
Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen does not have free WiFi.
Is there any bike parking at Marlowe?
Arizmendi Bakery offers street parking for cars.
You can choose from Sam Wo Restaurant, Good Mong Kok Bakery, Delicious Dim Sum, and others. Can I give you more information?
Nojo Ramen Tavern is not considered a good option for groups.
KoJa Kitchen offers delivery service.
Does your restaurant have free WiFi?
Take-out ordering is not offered at Foreign Cinema.
There is no designated smoking area.
WiFi is available for free at the San Francisco Proper Hotel.
Continental breakfast is provided at Holiday Inn Express San Francisco-Union Square.
No, Riverside Brasserie does not offer takeout.
May I bring my dog to stay with me?
Good afternoon, are you guys good for group dining?
Mama's On Washington Square is kid friendly.
Do you have any vegan-friendly options?
Does Balompie Cafe offer delivery service?
Is Rooster & Rice good for kids?
Hi, can you tell me if there are any vegan dishes offered?
There is free parking at Columbus Inn.
Does The Ramp have parking?
Yes, there is baggage storage available, please inquire at the front desk for this service.
Are you allowed to bring dogs at Pier Market Seafood Restaurant?
Yes, do you have WiFi and what is the cost?
CHARLIE CHAN accepts credit cards for payment.
Do you have any outdoor tables?
Do you have any outdoor tables?
Yes, the Orchard Garden Hotel and the SW Hotel both fit your requirements. Which one would you like?
New Dumpling King not serving alcohol.
How long is your front desk open?
The kitchen is not available at the Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Downtown/Van Ness Ave.
The Kimpton Sir Francis Drake Hotel has an elevator
Is there a TV at Pho Huynh Hiep 2 - Kevin's Noodle House?
How does Subpar Miniature Golf sound to you?
do you have a drive thru
The payment methods available at Chiquito Restaurant Bar are American Express, Mastercard, and Visa.
No.The Monk's Kettle does not take reservations.
Does Nopalito offer bike parking?
ok ummm i would like to find some four star hotels in the same area and and if expensive price ranges are ok
Take-out is available at A Desi Cafe.
Does your establishment offer free WiFi?
Does your establishment offer free WiFi?
Pets are not allowed at Lombard Plaza Motel.
Extra beds are not available at Parker Guest House.
Wifi is free at Home From Home.
Mars Bar & Restaurant does have TV available.
Do I have to make a reservation?
Does CURRY KING offer the halal option?
Champa Garden does not accept Google Pay.
Do you have high chairs available at your location?
Does Royal Pacific Motor Inn offer WiFi?
no problem it's four one five eight three one fifty five zero zero
Hello.  Is it possible to sit outside while we eat?
Is WiFi available at Han II Kwan?
Parking is free at the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge.
Try to find a place that serves Cantonese food instead.
Lift is not available at LEVERTON HOUSE.
Yes there are several museums but one of the most popular is Madame Tussauds Wax Museum.
Is San Francisco Zoo by appointment only?
No, Exploratorium does not accept cryptocurrency.
Tang Chinese does not offer free WiFi.
Hi, can I use Google Pay there?
Yes, there is a lift.
Yes, there is a lift.
Super Pan offers take-out ordering.
Is alcohol served at Taqueria Los Coyotes?
There is no dress code at Benu.
There is not free WiFi at the ASK Restaurant.
Is there a shuttle service at Gonville Hotel?
Are there gluten free items on the menu at Da Vinci Pizzeria?
Does Pho Huynh Hiep 2 - Kevin's Noodle House serve alcohol?
There is a shared kitchen available for guests.
Is deliver service offered?
Does A Desi Cafe offer happy hour?
Yes, you can ask for extra beds.  Depending on availability.
Vallejo Street Steps is good for kids.
Does Marnee Thai accept Google Pay?
Does Marnee Thai accept Google Pay?
Atelier Crenn is not adequate for groups.
A classy ambience at Kokkari Estiatorio.
ok definitely so that phone number is four one five three five seven four thousand and their address and zip code is one five one third street with the post code or the zip code also uhhh as nine four one zero three
The Oakland Museum of California charges $16 for adults and $7 for children.
Credit cards are taken as payment at Gourmet Burger Kitchen.
Yes they have both street parking and a parking garage.
do you accept google pay
Hi! I would like to go to an art attraction in the Fisherman's Wharf.
can you tell me about any tea rooms in Union square
Is there a 24/7 fitness center at the Hilton San Francisco?
Noise level is average at Nick's Crispy Tacos.
Is BYOB an option at Curry Garden?
Yes, Underdogs Too offers happy hour specials.
what type of parking is available at Warakubune Sushi?
Does your establishment serve alcohol?
Does your establishment serve alcohol?
Do you accept credit cards or digital payments?
Outdoor seating is not available at Curry Garden.
Can I park my bike at the Leopold's?
Does Days Inn by Wyndham San Francisco Downtown/Civic Cntr Area have daily housekeeping service?
Does Bel Air Hotel offer free WiFi?
When is check-in time at Galleria Park, a Joie de Vivre Hotel?
Yes, this restaurant is wheelchair accessible for its patrons.
Dogs are not allowed at La Taqueria.
Yes, Super Duper Burgers is good for groups.
Does the Marnee Thai good for Groups?
Is there a happy hour at Dragon Beaux?
Bite is good for kids.
There is no dress code at A La Turca Restaurant.
Can I have my dog stay with me at Home from Home?
Yes, outdoor seating is available at Papito Hayes.
There is not an onsite restaurant or bar at LIMEHOUSE.
Yes, Pho 2000 offers takeout.
Room service is not provided.
La Margherita offers delivery.
Marlowe does not accept Apple Pay.
Yes, Fog Harbor Fish House is a good place for kids.
What time is check-out?
What time is check-out?
What time is check-out?
What time is check-out?
What time is check-out?
What time is check-out?
What time is check-out?
What time is check-out?
What time is check-out?
What time is check-out?
What time is check-out?
What time is check-out?
Alexander Bed and Breakfast requires a security deposit of GBP 20 per stay.
The Kimpton Sir Frances Drake Hotel offers meeting/banquet facilities.
Is Ina Coolbrith Park kid-friendly?
Tang Chinese does not have Vegetarian options.
Is New Fortune Restaurant a good place for groups?
I need to go to the visitor's center in Fisherman's Wharf
that's a great question sir let me check for you it looks like they do yes
Does Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton offer live music?
There is no onsite fitness center at LOVELL LODGE.
How noisy is it at Boba Guys?
What is the ambient environment like at your restaurant?
Saigon Sandwich not offers happy hour.
No, bike parking is not available.
What is the minimum age requirement for check-in?
What is the minimum age requirement for check-in?
Does their front desk open late at night?
hi i'm planning a trip to uhhh san francisco and i was wondering if you have any landmarks that you suggest kinda near marina or cow hollow
Yes, each room has air conditioning
Yes, each room has air conditioning
Can I pay with crytocurrency at Rooster & Rice?
The rooms at Nob Hill Motor Inn are heated.
Is there parking available at the facility?
Leopold's does not allow smoking.
There is street parking available.
There is street parking available.
Can I park my bike at Pier 39?
definitely give me one moment sir let me do that for you. and that booking has been confirmed
May I bring a pet with me?
The front desk at Hotel Vitale, a Joie de Vivre Hotel is open for 24 hours.
Cornell Hotel de France has a restaurant onsite.
What is the atmosphere at Californios?
Is there parking available at Deli Board?
Molinari Delicatessen does not have TV.
Ambience of Pizzeria Delfina - Pacific Heights is casual, classy.
What payment options are accepted?
What payment options are accepted?
What payment options are accepted?
What payment options are accepted?
What payment options are accepted?
Can you provide me with the Legion of Honor's phone number and address please?
The payment options at Subpar Miniature Golf are cash or credit card.
There is no parking available at Acorn Guest House.
If you visit Tanguito, you can expect a good experience with kids.
Does Nob Hill Hotel provide concierge services?
All I can get for you is 4 stars. Would that be okay?
Does Nojo Ramen Tavern accept credit cards?
Yes, reception is open 24 hours a day.
You can get a continental breakfast
Is there accessible parking available at Limehouse?
What is the noise level at Tartine Bakery & Cafe?
Most major credit cards are accepted at Hilton San Francisco Union Square.
Does the Nick's Crispy Tacos have wheelchair accessible?
It is not good for kids.
What is the dress code at Alexander's Steakhouse?
The address is 680 Point Lobos and the phone number is (415) 426-5240.
Do they have tv's available?
Super Duper Burgers does offer free WiFi.
The check in time is between 1:00pm to 10pm.
Does Tilak have gluten free options?
Does The Little Chihuahua accept Apple Pay?
Do you have vegetarian and vegan options?
No Americania Hotel is non-smoking.
I want a hotel.
Do you provide concierge service ?
Hakka has gluten free options.
No, there is no outdoor seating at Frascati.
Minna Hotel is a smoke free property. All smoking must happen off property premises.
Is parking available there?
Yes, What The Cluck is wheelchair accessible.
There is no mention of designated smoking. Reviews suggest smoking is allowed around and near the premise.
Yes, Google Pay is one of the payment method.
China Beach is located at 490 Sea Cliff Ave and its phone is (415) 561-4323.
They serve beer and wine.
Is there room service at Hotel Vitale, a Joie de Vivre Hotel?
luggage storage is available at Green Tortoise Hostel
The noise level at Foreign Cinema is average.
What price range or hotel rating are you wanting to book?
MAHARAJAH TANDOORI RESTAURANT does not offer high chairs.
Parking is available at Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf.
Bellota does offer a Happy Hour.
Does A and B Guest House offer accessible parking?
Old Jerusalem Restaurant is good for kids.
Alcohol is limited to beer and wine only at Woodhouse Fish.
The ambience of Champa Garden is casual and classy.
No, it is not good for groups.
No, it is not good for groups.
No, it is not good for groups.
There is one museum, the Contemporary Jewish Museum. Would you like more information?
La Margherita accepts reservations online.
ok great ummm i also would like to see if ummm there's a place we can eat uhhh in that same area ummm anything for sardinian food hopefully at a pretty cheap price range
GOURMET BURGER KITCHEN does not have halal options.
The Hotel Riu Plaza Fisherman's Wharf has rooms with disability access
Curry King does not offer take out, sorry.
hi uhhh i'm travelling to san francisco and i'm wondering if you could help me find a moderately priced barbecue place in the presidio heights neighborhood
Smoking is not allowed.
Smoking is not allowed.
There is an elevator at the Union Square Plaza Hotel.
Is your restaurant easy to navigate in a wheelchair?
Are there any daily housekeeping services?
Can guests BYOB at this restaurant?
Can guests BYOB at this restaurant?
Do I need to make a reservation for parking?
Do I need to make a reservation for parking?
Do I need to make a reservation for parking?
Do I need to make a reservation for parking?
High Chairs are available at Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop.
Do they serve alcohol ?
Souvla does offer WiFi service free of charge.
Is there outdoor seating available at Kaiju Eats Ramen and Izakaya?
Does Ramenwell have free WiFi?
Are there rooms with heat at your facility?
Kim Son Vietnamese Restaurant does not accept Apple Pay.
Can I make reservations at Rooster & Rice?
Can I make reservations at Rooster & Rice?
No, there is no outdoor seating at Golden State Grill.
High chairs are available here.
Do you offer WiFi, and does it cost anything?
Are there any art museums or art galleries in the area?
Does Amarena take Google Pay?
The Lensfield Hotel collects a 50% non-refundable deposit.
Pica Pica Arepa Kitchen does not accept Google Pay.
Does La Mediterranee have TV?
What kind of noise level is at Liholiho Yacht Club?
Can I have the addresses for the second one?
yes its good for kids
Hi there, I am looking for a play to go in Russian Hill.
Please look for a landmark that is in North Beach/Telegraph Hill
Does Europa Hostel have swimming pool onsite?
No luggage service is available.
it's listed here as being in chinatown
The Flying Falafel is good for kids.
Can I make a reservation?
Can I make a reservation?
Can I make a reservation?
Can I make a reservation?
Can I make a reservation?
Can I make a reservation?
Can I make a reservation?
Can I make a reservation?
Can I make a reservation?
Can I make a reservation?
Can I make a reservation?
Can I make a reservation?
Can I make a reservation?
Can I make a reservation?
Can I make a reservation?
Can I make a reservation?
Can I make a reservation?
Can I make a reservation?
Can I make a reservation?
Can I make a reservation?
Benu does not offer delivery.
The Little Chihuahua has a casual ambiance.
Does Coqueta serve alcohol?
Pacific Cafe accepts Apple Pay, Google Pay, and credit cards.
Bike Parking is available at Nourish Cafe.
Rooms have heating available.
Shuttle services are not available at Alpha-Milton Guest House.
Lao Table has bike parking.
Does Bridge Guest House have a safety deposit box?
Is daily housekeeping included?
There is parking available at Han Il Kwan.
Yes, please find a 3 star hotel.
Is Pier Market Seafood Restaurant good for kids?
Payment options at The Oak Bistro include major credit cards only.
Is there shuttle service to the airport?
Free WiFi is available at Holiday Inn San Francisco - Golden Gateway.
What hours is your front desk open until?
Does this site offer parking for cars?
Yes, there is parking available at The Gandhi.
Do you allow smokers here?
Does the Underdogs Too have Delivery options?
Does Franciscan Crab Restaurant accept Google Pay as payment method?
The Super Duper Burgers restaurant does not accept reservations.
Can I get to-go at Corridor Restaurant?
Accessible parking is available for free at Bay Bridge Inn San Francisco.
Is parking available at Bulgara?
Yes, Pushkin is good for kids.
11:00 a.m. is the check-out time at HI San Francisco City Center Hostel.
How much does it cost for my dog to come with me?
What are your opening hours of de Young?
Free Wifi is available at the Bel Air Hotel.
Truly Mediterranean does not accept Apple Pay.
Truly Mediterranean does not accept Apple Pay.
The noise level at this place is average -- whatever that means.
Yes. There are no fees and pick up is in 10-20 minutes.
ok let me see what i can find all right there are quite a few options but one of them that is quite popular is called club donatello
Can people with medical issues ride the 7D Experience?
No fitness center or gym is located onsite at Alpha Inn and Suites.
Do I need to have reservations for parking?
Is it noisy at Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant?
No, this is a non-smoking hotel.
Hi, do you guys have free WiFi for customers?
No Roma Antica doesn't have TV.
Vegan friendly options are available at Pakwan Restaurant.
Only street parking is available at  La Mediterranee.
What are your opening hours of Musee Mecanique?
No, smoking is not allowed at Basa Seafood Express.
Visa and Mastercard are payment methods accepted at European Hostel.
What sort of price range were you thinking?
Hi there, I am looking for a nice 3 star place to stay in Union Square.
If I need help with something, is there always someone at the front desk?
Is there a nearby place that I can park?
are there tv's to watch?
They offer free WiFi.
They offer free WiFi.
Yes, they offer free WiFi.
Yes, they offer free WiFi.
Yes, they offer free WiFi.
Yes, they offer free WiFi.
Yes, they offer free WiFi.
Yes, they offer free WiFi.
Yes, they offer free WiFi.
Yes, they offer free WiFi.
There is free private parking at Hobsons house, however you do need to make a reservation to reserve your spot.
A 150$ deposit is required at The Wharf Inn.
As part of front desk services, luggage storage is offered.
Yes, Eraina takes reservations.
Yes, WiFi is available and it's free.
Yes, WiFi is available and it's free.
Hello does your establishment offer take-out?
Dose India House offer halal options?
Yes, takeout is available at this restaurant.
Does Franciscan Crab Restaurant have free WiFi?
Do you have wifi?
Do you have wifi?
Do you have wifi?
Do you have wifi?
Do you have wifi?
Do you have wifi?
Do you have wifi?
Does Tasty Pot serve alcohol?
ok can you try mexican food
Does State Bird Provision have bike parking?
Yes, there is City Lights Bookstore in Chinatown.
Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton is not wheelchair accessible.
Can I watch TV at Sumac?
Can I smoke on the train?
What kinds of credit cards do you accept for payment?
Is WiFi available and is it free?
No, San Francisco Museum of Modern Art does not allow dogs.
Is there laundry services at Hamilton Lodge?
Can I order take-our from De Luca Cucina and Bar?
Is there live music here on weekends?
Average noise levels.
Do you have a place to eat outside?
Does Beit Rima have vegan options?
De Luca Cucina and Bar is not wheelchair accessible.
Will there be a dry cleaning service offered at A And B Guest House?
Foreign Cinema is good for groups.
Yes, Flour + Water Pizzeria does have a variety of vegetarian options.
Rintaro does not accept Google Pay.
Is free WiFi offered at your place?
Autumn House does not have shuttle service.
Cambridge Lodge Restaurant is not wheelchair accessible.
Do you have a work out room?
There are no meeting or banquet facilities here.
There are no meeting or banquet facilities here.
There are no meeting or banquet facilities here.
Is parking reservation required to stay?
Is dry cleaning including with my stay?
The hours of operation are Monday-Saturday 05:00 - 23:00, and on Sundays 07:00 - 22:55.
Fog Harbor Fish House offer take out ordering for its customer.
Coit tower is open from 10:00 am to 5:00 pm every day.
CITY STOP RESTAURANT does not offer live music.
There is no parking at Gregangelo's Velocity Arts & Entertainment.
Coit Tower dress code is casual
Jake's Steaks has television services.
Are the rooms at Holiday Inn heated?
How do I reserve a parking spot?
Dry cleaning service is available for an additional fee.
Taqueria Los Coyotes offers delivery service.
What are the hours of operation for the Exploratorium After Dark?
What is noise level at  the La Mediterranee?
Wifi is free at Andrews hotel.
Do you have any handicapped rooms available?
Does Restaurant One Seven have free WiFi?
What is the check-out time at this property?
What other languages do your employees speak?
Check out time is 12:00PM.
Do you offer laundry service?
Is air-conditioning available for the rooms at Civic Center Motor Inn?
Does THE COW PIZZA KITCHEN AND BAR offer delivery service to their customers?
May I bring a pet and if so is there a charge?
Is the Fisherman's Wharf appropriate for kids?
Do you have any parking available at the hotel?
No, Pier 33 is free to visit.
How about the Presidio Parkway Inn. How many nights will you need?
great uhhh can you check if they accept google pay
Does Backstreet Bistro offer wifi?
Is breakfast available?
Can you book me a table for 9 people on sunday at 1:30pm?
Dogs are not allowed at CatHead's BBQ.
Are there pets allowed at Finches Bed and Breakfast?
Sorry, there is no parking at Exploratorium.
They are in the 94129, 94121 and 94109 zip codes.
Helmand Palace noise level is quiet.
Not right now, but could you tell me whether Cathedral of Saint Mary of the Assumption has any parking facilities for visitors?
Gourmet Burger Kitchen does not offer vegetarian friendly options.
Stazione Restaurant and Coffee Bar does not offer take-out ordering.
No, TV is not available at this establishment.
Can I smoke?
Is there heating?
Just as long as it is some kind of park.
Does Cotto offer vegan or vegetarian options on the menu?
What is the noise level at Grubbin's?
no they do not offer delivery service
Is parking available and do I need to make a reservation?
Breakfast options are not available at SOMA Park Inn.
Hogwash does not accept Cryptocurrency.
Is there free wifi at Lucky Pig?
Wagamama is wheelchair accessible.
Balmy Street Murals is not wheelchair accessible.
Do you do delivery?
No, reservations are not required at this hotel. Parking is available at a nearby location for applicable charges.
ok so there are two options showing up one is new fortune restaurant and the second is sam wo restaurant
Outerlands offers street parking at its establishment.
B on the Go does not have outdoor seating.
Do you have television there?
What time does the live music start today?
Dry cleaning service is not offered by Aylesbray Lodge Guest House.
Piccolo Forno does not allow customers to bring dogs.
Yes, there are gluten free dishes.
Does Sam Wo Restaurant take reservations?
hi i'm looking for a place to stay in north beach
uhhh well we're splurging how about something more in a moderate price range
You cannot park at San Francisco City Hall.
Do any of the resturants off Cantonese food?
How much is the admission at Musee Mecanique?
Is the restaurant dog friendly?
Luggage storage service is not provided at Alexander Bed and Breakfast.
Is there any security deposit required to stay at Inn San Francisco?
Kaiju Eats Ramen and Izakaya does not have outdoor seating services.
Is Tselogs kid-friendly?
Yes, there's wifi, but its not free.
Bite has an average noise level.
Daily housekeeping service is provided at Bel Air Hotel.
Cocum does take reservations.
Do you offer a happy hour?
Do you offer a happy hour?
Does Pakwan Restaurant accept the payment with Apple Pay?
What is the price for parking at Orange Village Hostel?
Does City Centre North B and B offer concierge service?
No possibility of BYOB at Restaurant One Seven.
Do you provide free WiFi?
address is one zoo road with the phone number four one five seven five three seven zero eight zero
It is 59 american dollars a day for parking.
The check-in time at the Travelodge by Wyndham San Francisco Central begins at 3 pm.
Check-in time is between 1:00 p.m. and 4:00 p.m.
Bistro At The Cliff House has a casual dress code.
Is there a drive-thru at Nick's Crispy Tacos?
Do you guys serve alcohol?
Do you guys serve alcohol?
Do you guys serve alcohol?
Do you guys serve alcohol?
yeah let me check that for you all right so it's not listing anywhere if they do or if they don't require appointment to visit this location
Are the rooms accessible?
Yes, there may be charges applied.
NANDOS CITY CENTRE does offer parking.
Is your place family-friendly?
Is your place family-friendly?
Is your place family-friendly?
Is your place family-friendly?
The Andrews Hotel has 3 stars and is moderately priced. How does this sound?
Do rooms at Club Quarters Hotel in San Francisco have air conditioning?
AVALON is adults-only.
How is the ambience at Bizza and ok for kids?
Helmand Palace does not allow dogs.
Yes, can you tell me whether Clarion Alley is accessible for folks in wheelchairs?
yes of course it's four fifty hayes street
Marufuku Ramen SF does not accept Google Pay.
Smoking is not allowed at the Bridge Guest House.
Dumpling Kitchen only serve Beer and wine.
Can I park my car at Exploratorium?
Little Gem is good for groups.
Yes, they have free Wifi.
Does Arizmendi Bakery offer happy hour?
CatHead's BBQ do not accept Apple Pay.
Ambience of Ebisu is casual and classy.
Is there outside seating?
Fog Harbor Fish House does not offer delivery services.
Bac Lieu Restaurant is wheelchair accessible.
sure let me see what i can find for you. ok so there is one option called the san francisco zoo is that something that might interest you
Check-in time begins at 3:00 pm.
2 p.m. to 10 p.m.
They do not accept reservations at Bizza.
No, this establishment isn't good for groups.
BYOB is not possible at Golden Wok.
Do you have rooms available with disability access?
Aha Fresh serves alcoholic beer and wine only.
The WiFi at Club Donatello is free for guests to use.
There is daily housekeeping at the Lensfield Hotel.
Takara Sushi does not have outdoor seats.
When is San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge open to the public?
What is the check in time at Inn on Broadway?
Can I have a smoking room?
Bike Parking is available at Stem Kitchen & Garden.
Do you accept Google Pay as a payment option?
Do you accept Google Pay as a payment option?
Do you accept Google Pay as a payment option?
Does Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine offer outdoor seating?
Street and Garage parking is available for cars at Liholiho Yacht Club.
I recommend The Wharf Inn for you. Are you interested in any details?
Bay Bridge Inn San Francisco offers WiFi in all areas for free.
Check-in time is from 16:00 to 22:00.
Does Burma Love have vegan options?
Hmm, how about a landmark in Presidio?
A La Turca restaurant has an average noise level.
High chairs are available at Pizzeria Delfina - Pacific Heights.
Boba Guys does offer delivery services.
Do you offer room service?
Do you offer room service?
Do you offer room service?
Do you offer room service?
Do you offer room service?
The check-out time at SOMA Park Inn is 11:00 am.
Does the hotel have WiFi?
Does the hotel have WiFi?
The phone number is (415) 931-7475. Would you like to reserve a room?
Free WiFi is offered at Golden State Grill.
A Mano does not offer a happy hour.
Is there somewhere to park my car while I am visiting?
Yes, Dragon Gate doesn't charge any entrance fee.
Dogs are not allowed at The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen.
Tasty Pot does not take reservations.
Slice House Haight by Tony Gemignani is a good place for groups.
Do you serve alcohol?
Do you serve alcohol?
Do you serve alcohol?
Do you serve alcohol?
Do you serve alcohol?
Do you serve alcohol?
Do you serve alcohol?
Do you serve alcohol?
Do you serve alcohol?
Do you serve alcohol?
Do you serve alcohol?
Do you serve alcohol?
Do you serve alcohol?
Do you serve alcohol?
Do you serve alcohol?
Do you serve alcohol?
Do you serve alcohol?
Do you serve alcohol?
Do you serve alcohol?
Do you serve alcohol?
Do you serve alcohol?
Do you serve alcohol?
Do you serve alcohol?
Do you serve alcohol?
Do you serve alcohol?
Do you serve alcohol?
Do you serve alcohol?
Do you serve alcohol?
Do you serve alcohol?
Do you serve alcohol?
Do you serve alcohol?
Do you serve alcohol?
Do you serve alcohol?
Do you serve alcohol?
Can you tell me the address and price range of the hotel?
Does Express By Holiday Inn Cambridge offer disability access in rooms?
Do they offer seating outside?
Do you have any multilignual staff?
Peking Restaurant does not have vegetarian friendly options.
The Suites at Fisherman's Wharf overs laundry services for an additional charge.
They do offer rooms for disabled guests.
Does Tacko offer delivery service?
Is there parking available for cars at the Americania Hotel?
There are 10 attractions in the Presidio area. What type of attraction are you interested in?
Is room service offered at Worth House?
Is Google Pay an acceptable form of payment at Saucy Asian?
Can I pay with alternative payment methods?
Is there breakfast available at Hampton Inn San Francisco Downtown/Convention Center?
What is the noise level like at Outerlands?
Is this a noisy place?
Mangal Mediterranean Restaurant does not offer free WiFi.
Do you offer wheelchair flexibility?
Is there outdoor seating at Bon, Nene?
Yes, there is 24-hour front desk service.
There is no additional data available to purchase.
Do you have any age restrictions for children that are staying at the hotel?
Room service is not provided at Arbury Lodge Guesthouse.
Yes, although I'd like to know what the admission fee will be, please.
La Tasca does not have vegetarian friendly options.
Does Cote have any gluten-free options?
Sutro's at The Cliff House is good for groups.
The front desk at Kimpton Buchanan Hotel is open 24 hours.
Morty's Delicatessen is good for kids.
The View Lounge does not offer take-out ordering.
Ebisu does have bike parking.
Do you have wheelchair accessible seating options?
What is the ambience of Hogwash?
Does Bella Trattoria accept Google Pay as payment?
No reservation is needed for parking at Hotel Zelos San Francisco.
Is there a provision for luggage storage at Hotel Nikko San Francisco?
Bike parking is available at Saucy Asian.
Do you offer alcohol?
Do you offer alcohol?
Do you offer alcohol?
Do you offer alcohol?
I apologize as there is no hotel in the Inner Sunset area. Would you like to look in a different area?
How would you like Club Donatello in Union Square?
Do you have a restaurant and bar onsite at Hotel Riu Plaza Fisherman's Wharf?
You can't order food for take out at Curry Garden.
What is the ambience of Good Luck Dim Sum?
Yes, DragonEats is kid-friendly.
What is the latest I can check out?
Casual attire is acceptable at Frascati.
What are the hours of the front desk?
What are the hours of the front desk?
What are the hours of the front desk?
What are the hours of the front desk?
Hello.  I have a question.  Could we bring our own liquor to the restaurant?
Is there take-out service available?
Can I pay for my food with Apple Pay?
Is Wifi free?
Can I park bikes at Ina Coolbrith Park?
Is there a pool at Gonville Hotel?
Do you offer daily housekeeping?
Street parking is available at True Laurel.
Free WiFi is available at the Cow Hollow Inn and Suites
On-site private parking is available at Lovell Lodge.
What languages are spoken at Petite Auberge?
J Restaurant does not have highchairs available.
Extra beds are not offered at Laurel Inn, a Joie de Vivre Hotel.
BYOB is not possible at Bakstreet Bistro.
Piccolo Forno is perfect for kids with numerous activities.
An extra bed can be requested for people 17+ in age. There is a $20 charge per night and per person.
Is breakfast included at The Grove Inn?
Does the Thai Time Restaurant offer take-out ordering?
Allenbell does not provide luggage storage service.
The Hampton Inn San Francisco Downtown/Convention Center has facilities for guest with disabilities.
Does Tasty Pot offer happy hour?
Tandoori Palace is not wheelchair accessible.
No, Troya doesn't accept Apple Pay.
There is no drive thru available at CatHead's BBQ.
Do you accept Cryptocurrency at your restaurant?
Private parking is $60/day and you don't need to make a reservation in advance.
It does not accept Apple Pay.
It does not accept Apple Pay.
No This location does not accept Google Pay.
yeah anywhere in san francisco's fine
Manna is located 845 Irving St.
Sure, let me look up some options for you. What about Union Square Plaza Hotel?
Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine doesn't have soy free options
Pets are strictly not allowed at the Chelsea Inn.
Does Slug and Lettuce offer halal options?
Does The Cheesecake Factory have Car Parking?
Do you have dry cleaing?
The Gardenia offers off street, street, and validated parking.
Is parking available at the Inn at Union Square, a Greystone Hotel?
Does Cinderella Bakery & Cafe have free WiFi?
Do they accept reservations at Kasa Indian Eatery?
The View Lounge restaurant has payment options which include Credit Cards only.
No, they do not offer free WiFi.
No, they do not offer free WiFi.
No, they do not offer free WiFi.
No, they do not offer free WiFi.
Yes, the Golden Curry has take-out ordering.
Does Tselogs have TVs at their establishment?
Does Sessions at the Presidio have TV?
The Halal Guys is good for groups.
Bella Trattoria has wheelchair access.
Is alcohol serves at Saigon City?
No. Just find any park there for me.
What languages are spoken the Hyatt Regency San Francisco?
I would recommend Alexander's Steakhouse, they serve American food. Would you like more information?
Does the hotel have heat in the rooms?
Is dry cleaning available and is there a charge?
What is the noise level like at DragonEats?
The Blue Barn Gourmet is a sandwich shop.
There is a damage deposit of 100 dollars that is required upon arrival.
Can I park my bike at Foreign Cinema?
I want to go to a beach in Twin Peaks
I would like to know the parking details for Exploratorium After Dark.
Would you be interested in visiting the Dragon Gate?
hi i'm planning a trip to s. f. ummm looking for a place to go and i'd like to go to a museum
Can I order my meal to go?
Ambiance of Benu is upscale and classy.
How noisy does it get there?
I need to book an expensive hotel in Chinatown.
Are there vegetarian options at the Hotel du Vin an Bistro?
Is outdoor seating available at Lovejoy's Tea Room?
Does Frascati serve alcohol?
Do you have a breakfast offered in the morning?
Travellers Rest offers parking onsite.
Yes, can you find me a moderately priced Chinese restaurant in Chinatown please?
Front Desk Services has a provision for baggage storage at Found Hotel San Francisco.
Could you book me two rooms starting on Saturday for four nights at Hilton Parc 55?
The Gandhi does not have halal options.
It is a family restaurant.
Franciscan Crab Restaurant accepts cash, credit cards, and Apple Pay.
How loud is it inside your establishment?
Does the Cambridge Belfry have laundry services?
No, they do not have bike parking facilities at Pier 33. Any other queries?
Dogs are allowed at Aha Fresh.
Can I place a to-go order, please?
Is wifi free there?
Does Glaze Teriyaki take reservations?
Hard Knox Cafe serves beer and wine.
Tacorea does not accept Cryptocurrency.
Rooms at the BEI Hotel San Francisco are air conditioned
No, B on the Go does not have free WiFi.
Ali Baba does not serve alcohol.
Can I bring my dog to New Eritrea Restaurant & Bar?
Is there free parking at the Alpha Inn and Suites?
Does Aliment take advance reservations?
Does Alexander's Steakhouse offer delivery service?
Hi. Can you tell me if there are any parks in Fisherman's Wharf?
The address is Pier 1 The Embarcadero and the phone number is (415) 274-0400.
Do you provide a shuttle to and from the airport?
Beit Rima accepts Google Pay.
Minimum age to check-in is 18.
Mars Bar & Restaurant has an average noise level.
Tacorea is not good for groups.
Burma Love has vegetarian options available.
No fitness center or gym is available onsite.
Can we have an extra cot at the Inn San Francisco?
What payment options are accepted at Marcella's Lasagneria?
The Carolina Bed and Breakfast does not have a lift.
Kin Khao serves a full bar.
Hey, is there a TV there for customers to watch?
What is the noise level at Good Luck Dim Sum?
Does Sala Thong serve alcohol?
Can I order alcohol along with my meal?
yeah let me see what's available looks like seven p. m. is available and i've successfully booked that table for you with the code being w. o. eight b. t. x.
Extra beds are not offered at FOUND Hotel San Francisco.
What time can I check in to your hotel today?
Outdoor seating isn't available at Marnee Thai.
Is parking available at Rintaro?
Do you have a happy hour?
Do you have a happy hour?
Do you have a happy hour?
Do you have a happy hour?
Do you have a happy hour?
Do you have a happy hour?
Do you have a happy hour?
Do you have a happy hour?
Do you have a happy hour?
Do you have a happy hour?
Do you have a happy hour?
it's got four stars
What kind of parking does The Copper Kettle have?
Check-in time at the Cova Hotel is 3:00 PM until 11:30 PM.
Pho Huynh Hiep 2 - Kevin's Noodle House does not offer happy hour.
The Chelsea Inn might be a good choice for you. Would you like more information on it?
Rooms at the Howard Johnson by Wyndham San Francisco Marina District are air conditioned
Parking at Signature San Francisco costs $30 per day.
Are high chairs available at Marlowe?
Would you be interested in visiting an art museum?
Does DragonEats have vegan food?
There is an asian restaurant called Ozumo onsite.
There's Tom and Jerry's House on 12st St. would you like to try that?
An Full English/Irish breakfast is available at the HOBSONS HOUSE
sure their address is listed as twenty five hundred mason street and their phone number is four one five three six two five five zero zero
Hi, do you serve alcohol at your cafe?
No, the restaurant does not accept Google Pay.
No, the restaurant does not accept Google Pay.
No, the restaurant does not accept Google Pay.
sure zip code is nine four one two nine
Does Hard Knox Cafe serve alcohol?
uhhh does corridor allow dogs
Corridor Restaurant has full bar.
Do you offer parking, and if so do I need to make reservations?
No, Californios is not good for groups.
Kasa Indian Eatery accepts Google Pay.
Yes, Sam Wo Restaurant is good for groups.
Grant Plaza Hotel is a cheap hotel option in Chinatown.
The Beit Rima is wheelchair accessible
Hotel Kabuki is a four star, moderately priced hotel, would you like more information?
Is room service provided?
City Lights Bookstore does not allow dogs.
Does the Nopa offer Free Wifi?
What time is checkout?
What time is checkout?
What time is checkout?
What time is checkout?
What time is checkout?
What time is checkout?
What time is checkout?
What time is checkout?
No, the restaurant does not offer delivery service.
No, the restaurant does not offer delivery service.
WiFi is free at Rosa's Bed and Breakfast.
Hi, do you provide luggage storage?
Is there live music at Shiraz Restaurant?
No.Saucy Asian is not accepting Apple Pay.
How about Fitzgerald Hotel Union Square, which is in the moderate price range? They have a room available for your dates, if you'd like me to book it for you.
hey I'm looking for a park in Russian Hill and particularly one with some restaurants nearby
Aria Korean Street Food has a casual ambience.
Roam Artisan Burgers accepts credit cards.
Can you accommodate a wheelchair for my mother?
Do you provide WiFi service?
Check-in time is at 3:00pm
There is no car parking available at Wave Organ.
Does the Mama's On Washington Square have TV?
La Raza does not offer outdoor seating.
The noise level at Californios is average.
What's the mood at Crepes On Cole?
Is take out an available option?
The Snug restaurant does take reservations.
El Shaddai does have onsite laundry available.
Yes, WiFi is available for free.
Vegetarian and Vegan options are available at De Luca Cucina and Bar.
I would like to find a place to stay in the Castro area of San Francisco.
Free WiFI is available in pubic areas of the hotel.
Souvla does not offer happy hour.
I'm afraid there's nothing fitting those categories. What else may I try and find for you?
No designated smoking area is available here.
Does The Little Chihuahua have vegan options?
German, English, Spanish and French are spoken at the Four Seasons Hotel San Francisco.
The Axiom Hotel provides dry cleaning services for an additional fee.
parking is street or private lot
Little Gem has a casual and classy ambience.
Yes, are there any hotels in Union Square?
I'm not sure, but I will need to know the zip code when you find it for me.
what payment forms are taken?
It has a delivery service.
Is there a charge for using WiFi in the hotel?
Can you tell me if you have wheelchair accessibility please?
Do the rooms at Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Downtown/Van Ness Ave have heating and air conditioning?
The hours of check-in for the SF Plaza Hotel are as follows 3pm-11:30pm.
Can we dine outdoors at Tony's Pizza Napoletana?
Does The Melt - 455 Market have a drive thru?
Admission to Baker Beach is free.
Free parking is possible on site.
The Slice House Haight by Tony Gemignani has street parking available.
Are you interested in a hotel or hostel?
Yes, the San Francisco Marriott Union Square has a 24-hour front desk.
There are no high chairs available for babies available at Tang Chinese.
Are pets allowed on site?
Are pets allowed on site?
Are pets allowed on site?
Are pets allowed on site?
Are pets allowed on site?
Are pets allowed on site?
Are pets allowed on site?
Are pets allowed on site?
Are pets allowed on site?
Are pets allowed on site?
Are pets allowed on site?
Are pets allowed on site?
Are pets allowed on site?
Are pets allowed on site?
Are pets allowed on site?
Are pets allowed on site?
Are pets allowed on site?
Are pets allowed on site?
Are pets allowed on site?
Are pets allowed on site?
Are pets allowed on site?
Are pets allowed on site?
Are pets allowed on site?
Are pets allowed on site?
Are pets allowed on site?
Are pets allowed on site?
Are pets allowed on site?
Are pets allowed on site?
Are pets allowed on site?
Are pets allowed on site?
Are pets allowed on site?
Are pets allowed on site?
Are pets allowed on site?
Are pets allowed on site?
Are pets allowed on site?
Are pets allowed on site?
Is Sushirrito good for kids?
No, there is no outdoor seating at Cotogna.
Does Rusty's offer free WiFi to it's customers?
The Coventry Inn has no fitness center or gym onsite.
BYOB is not possible at The Lucky Star.
Jin Mi Korean Cuisine is wheelchair accessible.
Mahal of Cambridger does not offer halal options.
Pizza Express Fen Ditton does not deliver.
Is there live music at the Rice Boat?
Bernal Heights Park is located near the restaurant.
Are dogs allowed at your restaurant?
There are no designated smoking areas at Hotel Spero.
There is no lift at Ashley hotel.
Yes, Octavia offers bike parking.
The Souvla does have vegan friendly options.
I have found several options for you. Would you prefer a restaurant in the moderate or expensive price range?
Does this site offer any airport shuttle service?
Does this site offer any airport shuttle service?
Does this site offer any airport shuttle service?
Does this site offer any airport shuttle service?
Does this site offer any airport shuttle service?
Does this site offer any airport shuttle service?
Does this site offer any airport shuttle service?
The Zizzi Cambridge is pleased to offer you free WiFi.
Saru Sushi Bar does not offer a happy hour, but they do serve beer and wine.
ok all right they're actually both nine four one two nine
uhhh i'm a burger lover so that works well for me uhhh can i get the phone number and address for that location
Do you offer a safety deposit box in your rooms?
HK Fusion does serve alcohol.
AVALON has only iron facilities on offer.
What languages does the staff at the hotel speak?
Bellota does not offering outdoor seating.
How is noise level at Dragon Beaux?
Hotel Zoe Fisherman's Wharf accepts Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover as payment methods.
Do you have alcoholic drinks available?
Hi, is Leopold's wheelchair friendly?
Does does offer delivery service?
Are reservations taken at What The Cluck?
Loving Hut does have TVs.
Do you accept Apple Pay at your restaurant?
The Hot Pot does not offer vegetarian friendly options at this time.
The Good Hotel has a rooftop swimming pool onsite.
Do you guys have TV here?
Do you guys have TV here?
No, that isnt on the list of services.
Is there a free breakfast available for guests?
Cable Car Museum is open from 10am to 5pm everyday.
Is SF Citadel kid friendly?
Front Desk Services - concierge
Yes, a reservation for parking is required at this property.
Yes, you can make a reservation.
Fisherman's Wharf has Pier 39 in the area. Would you like the address?
Kensington Park Hotel does provide concierge service.
Can I park my bike at Starbelly?
ASHLEY HOTEL requires a security deposit of 20 GBP per stay.
Are there any cooking appliances in the rooms at Lovell Lodge?
Do you happen to offer extra bedding?
No, there is no live music at THE VARSITY RESTAURANT.
Can I use Google Pay at Cinderella Bakery & Cafe?
Do you allow pets and if so is there an associated pet fee?
Can I come in a wheelchair?
Can I come in a wheelchair?
Is there air-conditioning?
Does The GrilledCheezGuy have television?
Yes high chairs available for babies at Foreign Cinema.
Does Alexander Bed and Breakfast offer luggage storage service?
Pets are not allowed at Union Square Plaza Hotel.
What is offered at Mensho Tokyo?
No, dogs aren't allowed at Hunan Home's Restaurant.
ok let me go ahead and search that for you. all right unfortunately nothing is showing up in that area is there a different area i can find instead
The Pushkin restaurant does offer delivery services.
Does the CAMBRIDGE LODGE RESTAURANT have Delivery options?
Nope, reservation is not needed in advance.
The ambiance at The Flying Falafel is casual.
No, Tony's Pizza Napoletana does not accept Apple Pay.
Takara Sushi is good for groups.
Yes they do provide free wifi.
Check out time is 24/7 at Hotel Riu Plaza Fisherman's Wharf.
The View Lounge is wheelchair accessible.
I would like to reserve two rooms for two nights with check in on Tuesday.
Tortellino serves beer and wine only.
Reservations are not required for parking at Hotel Spero.
I have one result. Are you interested in the Cathedral of Saint Mary of the Assumption?
Pizza Hut Fen Ditton does not offer delivery as a service option.
The noise level at Cuisine of Nepal is average.
Azalina's does not take reservations.
Is parking available at Golden House?
Is there somewhere to park my bike?
Is there somewhere to park my bike?
Is it possible to get extra beds?
SAJJ Mediterranean has vegeterian options.
If I need to park my care there, do I need a reservation?
Do you offer internet services?
It can cost up to $34 for 2 hours parking, but you can also find free parking on-street.
There is a 17 GBP parking fee at the University Arms Hotel.
They have an airport dropoff for an additional charge.
Can I order carry out?
Yes, there is free WiFi at the Chancellor Hotel on Union Square.
The noise level at Uno Dos Tacos is average.
Can I have the zip code for Coit Tower?
I'm not too worried about anything other than that it's a Mediterranean place. Is that what they serve at The Rotunda?
Is there alcohol served at Curry Queen?
New Fortune Restaurant offers vegan friendly options.
Does are not allowed at Azalina's
Yes, they do offer alcohol.
My Tofu House does not accept Apple Pay
Do you have parking nearby, and if so, how much does it cost?
Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf has a lift.
No pets are allowed.
No pets are allowed.
No pets are allowed.
Adults are $15 and children are free.
Does Tilak offer Apply Pay?
The Cambridge Belfry is not smoking friendly.
Yes it does, this restaurant is listed as one of the top vegetarian places.
Bizza has free WiFi available.
Sorry, I don't have its full address. But it's located in Pier 39.
Parking is available at the Kensington Park Hotel for 55 dollars per day.
All the rooms are air-conditioned.
Can I get my food to go at Nandos City Centre?
The noise level at this facility is average.
A lift is not available at Archway House.
I use a wheelchair and want to know if there is disablility access to rooms?
great uh how about pier market seafood restaurant could you tell me what the noise level of that restaurant is
Is parking available?
Is parking available?
Is parking available?
Is parking available?
Is parking available?
ok can you give me zip code of that loaction
San Francisco Marriott Union Square is 4 stars!
We have laundry at Limehouse.
Is there an Italian restaurant on site?
What is the noise level at Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen?
Pier 39 is the most popular landmark in Fisherman's Wharf.
There is no outdoor seating available.
There is no outdoor seating available.
Can I park my bike there?
Can I park my bike there?
Can I park my bike there?
Can I park my bike there?
Yes. Nopa is good for groups.
FINCHES BED AND BREAKFAST does not have fitness center or gym onsite.
Does your hotel offer luggage storage?
Does your menu include vegan and gluten free entrees?
How much is the entrance fee to visit Torpedo Wharf?
Lovejoy's Tea Room does not accept Apple Pay.
Can I make a reservation at the Jinling Noodle Bar?
Extra beds are not available.
Extra beds are not available.
Extra beds are not available.
Extra beds are not available.
Do you accept google pay?
Lao Table does not offer outdoor seating.
The WiFi is free at the Europa Hostel.
Yes this restaurant does offer gluten free options.
No, Grant Plaza Hotel is smoke free property.
Twin Peaks Park is a great choice. Would you like to learn more?
I have several results. What about JW Marriott San Francisco Union Square?
Is there transportation to and from the airport?
Is there transportation to and from the airport?
Is there transportation to and from the airport?
El Shaddai does not provide daily housekeeping service.
hi! Im just wondering if the room are air-conditioned?
Marnee Thai is good for groups.
At Sons & Daughters, are groups good?
can i book a table for seven people for thursday at around seven p. m.
Valet only parking is $51.00 per night plus taxes for a standard vehicle.
Live music is not available at Efes Restaurant.
Can I park my bike at Berber?
Does The Copper Kettle offer take-out ordering?
Da Vinci Pizzeria is wheelchair accessible.
Do you have a preference for the price range?
What is typical noise level?
What is the ambience at your establishment?
I'm looking for local flavor attractions.
Found it to be a little noisy
Reservations are not needed at the Hilton San Francisco Union Square Hotel.
Does The Front Porch have happy hour specials?
Kimpton Buchanan Hotel does have elevator.
A parking reservation is not available.
oh perfect ummm could you get the phone number for me
Do you require a damage deposit for your rooms?
not the attire is casual
No, Takara Sushi does not offer free WiFi.
It is located at 100 John F Kennedy Drive.
Bistro At The Cliff House has vegan friendly options.
Papito Potrero Hill doesn't offer delivery service to customers.
Does Hobsons House provide a shuttle service?
SAJJ Mediterranean is good for kids.
The English language is spoken at Parker Guest House.
Parking costs 45$ per day at Hotel Bijou.
Successfully booked, the confirmation code is GDRB4M
No, cryptocurrency is not accepted at this establishment.
Is dry cleaning offered there?
Super Duper Burgers serves beer & wine only.
Does Sitar Tandoori have a vegetarian menu?
No, bike parking is not available at Good Mong Kok Bakery.
Does Orchard Garden Hotel have a lift?
Is air-conditioning available in the rooms at Hotel Spero?
No, Dojo Noodle Bar does not offer take-out ordering.
Club Quarters Hotel in San Francisco has meeting and banquet facilities available for extra charges.
Is this location wheelchair accessible?
Is this location wheelchair accessible?
Is this location wheelchair accessible?
Is this location wheelchair accessible?
Children of any age are welcome at The Lensfield Hotel.
Sure, the San Francisco Zoo is in Lakeshore. Would you like some additional information about it?
Takeout ordering is not offered at The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar.
Could you please tell me what check-in time is?
Does Deccan Spice have a loud or noisy atmosphere?
Check-in time at the Hotel Zoe Fisherman's Wharf is 3:00 PM to 12:00 AM.
Does Cool Cravings accept Google Pay?
La Mediterranee offers happy hour specials.
Are there any drink specials today?
the site is wheelchair frienly
No, Stix does not accept cryptocurrency.
Can you tell me if Troya has high chairs for babies?
Hello.  Do have delivery service available?
The California Academy of Sciences is open from 9:30 AM to 5 PM Monday to Saturday and 11 AM to 5 PM on Sundays.
Is the WiFi service free at The Italian Homemade Company?
Are pets welcomed at the Hotel Boheme?
There is no live music at Tortellino
How loud is it at Berber?
No, it is smoke free property.
No, it is not considered to be good for groups.
Yes, Souvia has vegan options.
LEVERTON HOUSE does not have a restaurant or bar onsite.
There are no gluten free options at Pizza Hut Fen Ditton, sorry.
Do you have a smoking section?
Prezzo does not offer take-out ordering.
I'd recommend the Chateau Tivoli Bed and Breakfast located at 1057 Steiner Street, Alamo Square. What day would you like your reservation?
Morty's Delicatessen accepts credit cards and Apple Pay.
No, Tacko does not take reservations.
Can you accommodate large groups?
Can you accommodate large groups?
Can you accommodate large groups?
Are we able to order meals from our room?
What payment options are accepted at Bridge Guest House?
Bike parking is available at DragonEats.
What is the name of the restaurant on the site?
Hi, can you please help me find a place to visit in the city?
Good Luck Dim Sum is not suitable for groups.
Could I have their address please?
The Ashley Hotel does not provide dry cleaning service.
Is it loud there?
Is it loud there?
Smoking is not allowed at the Autumn House.
No, the restaurant is not good for groups.
The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill does not have halal options.
Bay Subs & Deli accepts credit cards, but cannot take Apple Pay or Google Pay.
Sessions at the Presidio does offer delivery.
Does Pizzetta 211 offer happy hour?
No, there is no outdoor seating available.
No, this restaurant doesn't accept reservations.
No, this restaurant doesn't accept reservations.
Columbus Inn provides free parking for its guests.
Outdoor seating is available at Opa cafe.
Dry Cleaning is not available at Alexander Bed and Breakfast.
they're both three stars
Can I park my car at San Francisco City Hall?
How much is the fee for parking at this site?
Does Pizza Express Fen Ditton take reservations?
Royal Spice does not offer free WiFi.
Is a dry cleaning service available?
Does A Desi Cafe have WiFi?
There is no restaurant or bar onsite at Carolina Bed and Breakfast.
You can park your car on the street near Bellota.
No, Cityroomz doesn't offer a dry cleaning service.
Pets are not allowed at the A and B Guest House.
How about a landmark instead then?
Is New Dumpling King wheelchair accessible?
Is there any bike parking?
Do you have parking available for bicycles?
Da Vinci Pizzeria accepts Mastercard, Visa, Digital Payments, and other major Credit Cards.
This hotel accepts Visa, American Express, Mastercard, and Discover.
Do they offer take out and delivery?
Kymmoy does offer delivery service.
Alexander Bed and Breakfast does not provide room service.
That sounds good. Can you let me know when the Cartoon Art Museum's business hours are?
The check-out time is  until 10:00 am.
Walt Disney Family Museum would be perfect then, do you need more info?
hmmm ok well no worries there ummm can you give me the address for that area
Turner's Kitchen does not have TV.
Do you have any cooking facility available in the guest house?
Yes, what is the phone number please?
Is delivery available?
Is delivery available?
Is delivery available?
Is delivery available?
Hey do you guys have access for wheelchairs?
No, Nojo Ramen Tavern does not take reservations.
Yes, meeting and business facilities are available for an additional charge
Yes, meeting and business facilities are available for an additional charge
Alimentum takes reservations in advance.
Backstreet Bistro does not serve alcohol.
Ambience of Tasty Pot is Casual, Trendy, Classy.
What's the ambience like at State Bird Provisions?
IS there an onsite shuttle service?
Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen has reservation services.
Is there a senior discount available?
You can park at Stix but, as always, it's street parking.
Europa Hostel does not have a swimming pool onsite.
Can I park my car at the site?
Can I park my car at the site?
Can I park my car at the site?
Can I park my car at the site?
The attire at this restaurant is casual, with no specific dress code.
Yes they do have a fitness center on site
All rooms at this hotel provide free WiFi.
Is Ripley's Believe It or Not! good for kids?
Does a housekeeper come each day to clean the room?
Is there a specific dress code at B on the Go?
True Laurel has bike parking.
Yes, there is free WiFi at the Cable Car Hotel.
Saucy Asian does have TV.
Yes, Alamo Square has a picnic area.
Yes, Uno Dos Tacos is kid-friendly.
There is accessible parking and it is free.
The only cheese shop I have available is in SoMa. Would you like more information about The GrilledCheezGuy?
The guest rooms at Courtyard By Marriott San Francisco Downtown/Van Ness Avenue have heating/air conditioning.
Is the front desk open for questions round the clock?
The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen is good for kids.
It is loud at A Mano.
Do you have a bar?
Do you have a bar?
Street parking is available at Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar.
I want to see the local flavor in Twin Peaks
No, Roam Artisan Burgers does not take reservations.
Is Hakka wheelchair ready?
Are credit cards accepted at Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton?
Presidio Parkway Inn provides a lift/elevator as a general amenity.
Foreign Cinema is perfect for kids with numerous activities.
Take-out orders are accepted at Roam Artisan Burgers.
Good afternoon, I am looking for a table for a lunch with my boss. What's the atmosphere like?
One cannot ask for extra beds at Ashley Hotel.
Neil except crypto currency as payment?
Good Mong Kok Bakery does offer take-out ordering.
Delivery Service is not offered at La Taqueria.
Do you require a damage deposit from your guests?
Is there free parking for diners at Restaurant Alimentum?
Can I bring my dog to Tselogs?
Do you have smoking rooms available?
Do you have smoking rooms available?
Amarena offers take-out.
Free off-street parking is available at Bedouin.
Manna is wheelchair accessible.
Dogs are not allowed at Boudin Bakery & Cafe.
Do you have handicapped rooms?
Are you able to accomadate a group of twenty people?
Brenda's Meat & Three is good for groups.
The wifi is free of charge at Finches Bed and Breakfast.
Can you tell me if there is a parking lot at The Front Porch?
There are extra beds available, subject to availability.
Is there alcohol at Mars Bar & Restaurant?
Children are not allowed at Rosa's Bed and Breakfast.
Yes, this restaurant currently provides vegan and vegetarian options.
i can check for you ummm it looks like they do offer delivery
There is no swimming pool at The Monarch Hotel.
yes there is daily house cleaning
There is the San Francisco Botanical Garden. Would you like to know its location and hours?
Bridge Guest House does not provide room service.
There will be 5 of us, but can you give me the address for Gentilly?
Is a TV available at Taboun?
Is take out available at Benu?
Hotel Zephr has parking available for a fee.
Does Delicious Dim Sum accept Apple Pay?
Park Tavern does offer full bar alcohol along with happy hour.
Hyde Street Pier is a park in that neighborhood. Would you like more information?
The check-out time is 12:00 pm.
Extra beds are not available at Bel Air Hotel
Is Berber good for groups?
Thank you. Also the phone number please?
Can you accommodate a group of friends?
The check-out time at Alpha Inn and Suites is 11:00AM.
Do you have a tv in the dining room?
The Plain Jane offers street parking.
Can my pet stay at Huntingdon Marriott Hotel?
Bernal Heights Park is good for kids.
Picaro has happy hour specials.
Are there vegetarian dishes on the menu at Cote?
What payment methods can I use at Waterfront Restaurant?
Does Crepes On Cole have TVs?
Yes, Tartine Bakery & Cafe has vegan friendly options.
La Mediterranee does not have free WiFi.
Are credit cards accepted at Jin Mi Korean Cuisine?
Does Restaurant One Seven deliver?
Can I use Google Pay at A Mano?
Is Bon, Nene kid friendly?
Hi, can you describe the noise level there for me?
Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar has outdoor seating available.
Yes, dogs are allowed.
Yes, dogs are allowed.
Yes, dogs are allowed.
Yes, dogs are allowed.
Yes, dogs are allowed.
Yes, dogs are allowed.
Yes, dogs are allowed.
Carolina Bed and Breakfast offers free WiFi in all areas.
You can park your bike at Golden State Grill.
What is the ambience of Nopalito?
There are no public markets in Presidio. Would you like me to check another area of town?
No Hogwash doesn't offer delivery service.
Where are the smoking areas?
Where are the smoking areas?
Where are the smoking areas?
Where are the smoking areas?
Where are the smoking areas?
Where are the smoking areas?
HAMILTON LODGE check-out time is at 10:30.
Is it possible to watch sporting events while dining at Bizza?
The ambience of CatHead's BBQ is casual.
does Tartine Bakery & Cafe have a tv?
yeah i'd like to try it can you get the phone number please
Does Cocum accept reservations?
Is there a place to park my bike at Jasmine Garden?
Yes, WiFi is free at Oakland Museum of California.
Does Roma Antica allow smoking?
Does the COTTO offer Free Wifi?
Bac Lieu Restaurant has a home-y ambiance.
Deccan Spice does offer vegan options.
Yes, there is parking available at Backstreet Bistro.
No, Palace Of Fine Arts doesn't require any specific attire to the visitors.
Is parking available at your location?
The San Francisco Marriott Union Square is a smoke-free property.
No, Papito Potrero Hill doesn't have a TV.
No, Balompie Cafe does not have soy free options.
Dogs are not allowed at Chubby Noodle.
Does Hotel Spero provide any concierge service?
I recommend the Twin Peaks Hotel, which is cheap and has two stars.
The Oak Bistro does not serve alcoholic beverages.
sure did you want for both of them
Free Wifi is not currently available.
Free Wifi is not currently available.
You may stay with children at the Cambridge Belfry.
Do I need an appointment to come to Coit Tower?
Efes accepts all major credit cards.
Yes, you can ask for high chairs at La Margherita.
American breakfast is served at Kimpton Buchanan Hotel.
Asian Box is good for groups.
Does Cotogna have a t.v.?
Yes, the Desmond Hotel has storage service.
What languages are spoken at the Nob Hill Hotel?
ok ummm let's try the s. w. ummm do they have uhhh guest parking facility
The Chelsea Inn has a moderate price. Would you like me to book that for you?
Saffron Brasserie offers halal options.
Is there parking at Glaze Teriyaki?
Where and when do I check in?
I want to go the visitor center in Presidio.
Rooster & Rice serves beer & wine only.
The payment options at Randall Museum are cash or credit card.
How much is the security deposit to stay at the site?
Hi, is your establishment wheelchair accessible?
Does Lucky Pig have halal options?
Does True Laurel offer delivery service?
The Alembic has average noise level.
There is accessible parking available at AVALON.
Does Hops & Hominy deliver?
No, BYOB is not allowed at Mahal of Cambridge.
Champa Garden has TVs in their establishment.
Tartine Bakery & Cafe does not offer happy hour.
Can I park my bike at The Mrs. Doubtfire House?
Does Pampanguena Cuisine take reservations?
At BEI Hotel San Francisco, there is a designated smoking area.
Is there any outdoor seating at Nandos?
Check out is by 12:00 at Finches Bed And Breakfast.
What is the opening hours of Cable Car Museum?
Does Molinari Delicatessen offer delivery service?
sure let me search that all right it's not saying that they specifically have parking around that area unfortunately
Is there outdoor seating available at Umami Burger Soma District?
Does Bloomsbury Restaurant offer delivery?
Is take-out offered at Mama Ji's?
Crepes On Cole has vegan friendly options.
Is there a swimming pool available at Warkworth House?
the Inn San Francisco is a smoke free property
WiFi is free at the Kirkwood House.
Can you tell me if this restaurant is a good place to bring kids?
Does Park Tavern provide bike parking?
Are the rooms heated there?
they're located at pier fifteen
Chinese
Are there any gluten free options?
Are there any gluten free options?
Is there an extra charge for breakfast at this property?
When is check out time at Hotel Bijou?
Jake's Steaks does offer delivery service.
Free WiFi is available at the HI San Francisco Downtown Hostel.
There is availability at Club Donatello, would you like to book your travel dates?
Is the front desk always manned?
Is the front desk always manned?
Is the front desk always manned?
Is the front desk always manned?
Is the front desk always manned?
Do you serve alcohol at this restaurant?
Is there a place to park my bike at Kasa Indian Eatery?
I need lodging and dining in SoMa, San Francisco,. Also, any recommendations for a museum.
Can I get half price drinks and appetizers after work?
Is apple pay offered?
Do you offer parking?
Do you offer parking?
The suggested dress code at Atelier Crenn is dressy.
There are no extra beds available.
Noise level at La Taqueria is loud.
Is there alcohol there?
Is there alcohol there?
Is there alcohol there?
No, Liholiho Yacht Club doesn't have outdoor seating.
La Margherita does not have any Halal options available.
The GrilledCheezGuy does not offer happy hour.
Is there a fitness center?
Kokkari Estiatorio does offer delivery services.
Rooster & Rice does not serve alcohol.
No, The View Lounge does not have a TV.
The Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen has a noise level that is average.
Cityroomz accepts American Express, Visa, Mastercard, Maestro and Sold for payment.
Great, can you tell me what the phone number is for Buena Vista Motor Inn, and then book two rooms from Wednesday for one night?
Laundry services are provided here.
Laundry services are provided here.
Do you have high chairs for children?
Do you offer take-out?
Do you offer take-out?
Do you offer take-out?
Do you offer take-out?
Do you offer take-out?
Do you offer take-out?
Do you offer take-out?
Do you offer take-out?
Do you offer take-out?
Do you offer take-out?
Do you have a swimming pool onsite?
Do you have a swimming pool onsite?
Does Jingling Noodle Bar have halal options?
Does Bridge Guest House have a lift?
There are no places to stay there. What about a surrounding area?
Can my guest park their car also?
I would recommend Hotel Zoe Fisherman's Wharf, it's moderately priced with 4 stars. Would you like more information?
Is The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen good for groups?
Do you have take out?
Do you have take out?
Do you have take out?
Do you have take out?
Do you have take out?
SF Plaza Hotel does not offer meeting or banquet facilities to guests.
Brenda's Meat & Three does not offer free WiFi.
No, there is no age restriction to check-in at Chelsea Inn.
Does the Clowns Cafe offer highchairs?
Rooster & Rice offers delivery service.
Does SAJJ Mediterranean offer delivery service?
Howdy, do you guys offer take out?
Hello what payment options are offered at your place?
Does Azalina's accept reservations?
Does it cost any money to visit the Yoda Fountain at Lucasfilm?
Reservation not Needed.
The noise level is loud.
Can I get alcohol at Aha Fresh?
Is there a happy hour at Tacos El Patron?
The noise level at Hogwash is average.
Do you offer wifi services?
Do you offer wifi services?
Do you offer wifi services?
Troya does offer delivery service.
Umami Burger Soma District has vegan friendly options
There is free private on site parking at City Centre North B and B.
the front desk at  Kimpton Sir Francis Drake Hotel is open for 24 hours
New Fortune Restaurant offers reservation for its customers.
Atelier Crenn does not have outdoor seats.
Hi what's the noise level like at your restaurant?
What are some interesting places in Embarcadero?
The park is at the intersection of Taylor & Vallejo Streets.
Dress is casual at Beit Rima.
Does Super Duper Burgers serve any alcohol?
Is there a breakfast offered?
Does Pushkin offer reservation service?
Does Dumpling Kitchen allow dogs?
ASK RESTAURANT is not wheelchair accessible.
New Eritrea Restaurant & Bar does not accept Apple Pay.
There is a security deposit of 20 GBP at the Hobsons House.
Coil tower opens at 10AM every day. Can I help you with anything else?
Gregangelo's Velocity Arts & Entertainment is open 24 hours each and every day.
No, BYOB is not possible at The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill.
Sure, how does the Hidden Garden Steps sound to you?
What is the ambiance of The Bird?
American Express, Visa, MasterCard, Discover
American Express, Visa, MasterCard, Discover
Does Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine have TV?
Does the Rintaro have Delivery options?
Sounds fun. What are the opening hours of the museum?
What's the ambience like at The Italian Homemade Company?
The Tacko restaurant is good for groups.
Can I park my car at The Presidio?
Check in time at Fairmont San Francisco is 4:00PM.
Laundry services are available.
Yes, Oasis Cafe takes reservations.
Rajmahal does not offer delivery service.
What payment options are accepted there?
Front desk is 24 hours at Green Tortoise Hostel.
Apple Pay is not accepted at The Rotunda restaurant.
Does 7D Experience allow dogs?
There is no live music at Fitzbillies.
Yes. The Ramp offers happy hour.
Super Duper Burgers do offer takeout ordering.
Do they accept credit cards?
Public parking is available on site (reservation is not needed) and costs USD 68.40 per day
Is there vegetarian options here?
Credit cards are accepted at The Bird.
Farm : Table offers outdoor seating.
Shalimar does not take reservations; it's first come, first served.
What sort of atmosphere is at Tselogs?
What type of parking is offered at Taqueria Los Coyotes?
Does Grafton Hotel Restaurant accept reservations?
FOUND Hotel San Francisco offers facilities for disabled guests. The hotel is wheelchair accessible and offers visual aids in the form of braille and tactical signs. Bathrooms are equipped with grab rails.
Yes, take out is available at Golden House.
The museum is open from 11 am til 5 pm but they are closed Wednesdays. Can I help with anything else?
Wifi is available at the Kimpton Buchanan Hotel.
Cocum does not have highchairs availble for babies.
Are children allowed at the Inn?
What are the payment options at Rintaro?
Does the Maharajah Tandoori Restaurant take reservations?
Is there parking available at Baker Beach?
Courtyard by Marriott Fishermans Wharf does not offer room service.
The Hilton Parc 55 San Francisco Union Square provides daily housekeeping services.
Can I have my order from Bedouin delivered to my hotel?
Yes, Royal Standard is wheelchair accessible.
Days Inn Wyndham location offers designated smoking areas for guests who smoke.
Liholiho Yacht Club accepts reservations.
Does the Good Hotel have swimming pool onsite?
Is Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant good for groups?
Is there any parking facility at Dolores Park?
Checkout time is at 12:00pm
Do you have any Halal options available?
Do you have any Halal options available?
No, Arizmendi Bakery does not offer happy hour.
On-Site private parking is available for $75 per day, at Argonaut Hotel, a Noble House Hotel.
The ambience of Starbelly is trendy and classy.
Does the hotel have central heating?
Is Dragon Gate free to visit?
hi i'm looking for a place to stay in union square that's a hotel four stars and is in the expensive price range
I want to see the local flavor of Pacific Heights
Yes, Subs is a good place to take kids.
Sure, there is Ferry Building Bike. in that area.
Yu Garden does not take reservations.
Can you tell me what check out time is?
Dogs are prohibited from Boba Guys.
There is no outdoor seating at Pizza Hut City Centre.
Hey, what kind of payments are accepted there?
Yes, the property does offer a concierge service.
Do you offer to go service?
Is there an elevator?
Is there an elevator?
Is there an elevator?
Is there an elevator?
Is there an elevator?
Nopalito is good for groups.
The zip code for Cupid's Span is 94107.
What time does checkin start?
The website lists 1 swimming pool under their most popular facilities.
The restaurant has a full bar and serves alcohol.
Do you have any Halal options on the menu?
The check-in time at Alpha Inn and Suites is between 3:00PM - 10:00PM.
Plaj Scandinavian Restaurant & Bar offers a full bar.
The Park Tavern serves gastropub style food. Can I reserve a table for you?
Is there parking available for Good Hotel guests?
There is free parking at the Worth House.
can I bring my dog with me?
Is there somewhere to eat?
The Little Gem does not allow dogs in their restaurant.
How about Cable Car Hotel for the hotel and Cable Car - California Street Line for the attraction? Do let me know if you need more info.
Yes, airport shuttle service and other shuttle services can be arranged, but possibly for an additional charge.
sure let me see what there is. ok so one option shows up it's called super duper burgers is that something you'd be interested in
Are high chairs available at India House?
no they do not have happy hour
Does your establishment have street parking?
No, MAHARAJAH TANDOORI RESTAURANT does not offer free wifi.
Are valet services available?
Check in time is between 13:00 and 19:00
Do you accept another type of payment other than cash?
Hiw much is parking at signature san francisco?
This tavern does not accept Google Pay.
Does the Fog Harbor Fish House accept Cryptocurrency?
There is not parking at Ram's Hotel, but street parking is available.
Hi, can you tell me if you take reservations?
Are there high chairs available at Kasa Indian Eatery?
What time may I check in?
ok all right there are two options one is called orchard garden hotel and the second is s. w. hotel
Exploratorium After Dark has bike parking.
Can I make a reservation for Cordon Bleu?
the ambience is classy
Can I get take-out at the Rooster & Rice?
The Gandhi accepts credit cards for payment.
Nojo Ramen Tavern does not allow dogs.
Do you offer complimentary WiFi?
Reservations are not required for parking at Chancellor Hotel on Union Square.
WiFi is free at Presidio Parkway Inn.
Does Nopalito have vegetarian options?
Do you have high chairs?
Do you have high chairs?
Do you have high chairs?
Do you have high chairs?
Do you have high chairs?
Do you have high chairs?
Do you have high chairs?
Do you have high chairs?
Do you have high chairs?
Do you have high chairs?
Do you have high chairs?
Do you have high chairs?
Do you have high chairs?
Do you have high chairs?
Do you have high chairs?
Do you have high chairs?
Do you have high chairs?
Do you have high chairs?
Do you have high chairs?
Do you have high chairs?
Do you have high chairs?
Is there somewhere to park there?
According to the website, Bac Lieu Restaurant does have vegan friendly options available.
A restaurant or bar are not available at Wyndham Presidio San Fransicso.
New Dumpling King does not accept Apple Pay.
Does Slice House Haight by Tony Gemignani take reservations?
No, Pho 2000 does not serve alcohol.
Does the Manna have vegan  options?
Yes, it will cost GBP 50 per night.
What time must I check out?
No, it does not accept Apple Pay.
No, it does not accept Apple Pay.
No, it does not accept Apple Pay.
No, it does not accept Apple Pay.
Does Rooster & Rice have TV?
Does Rooster & Rice have TV?
Bernal Heights Park is located in 2 miles away. Does it sound okay?
The Inn has a 4:00 check in time listed in the house rules section
The ticket price at the de Young is 15 dollars for adults and children enter free. Can I answer any more questions for you?
Yes, bicycle parking at Grubbin'.
I want to go to an art museum in San Francisco
Yes, Jin Mi Korean Cuisine serves beer and wine.
Yes, there is free parking at the Cow Hollow Inn and Suites.
What is the age requirmenet to check in?
Can I get the phone number to the alley?
Hey, do you guys offer any vegan dishes there?
Do you have live music tonight?
Daily housekeeping is offered at the Hilton San Francisco Union Square.
Is DragonEats kid-friendly?
Pampanguena Cuisine does not serve alcohol.
Accessible parking is available at the JW Marriott San Francisco Union Square
La Taqueria does not offer happy hour.
The site does not mention Cryptocurrency.
Is the wifi free?
Is the wifi free?
Is the wifi free?
Yes, the rooms at Golden Gate Hotel are heated.
No, Good Mong Kok Bakery doesn't accept Apple Pay.
Alcohol is not served at Tang Chinese restaurant.
Wifi is available and it is free.
Does Kymmoy offer halal options?
Yes, there is a lift at St. Regis San Francisco.
Are reservations needed for Hyatt Regency SF?
Credit Cards can be used as payment methods at Ask Restaurant.
How much data is included with the onboard wifi?
Can I get to-go at Tacorea?
Do I need to make any appointment to see the museum?
Does the LA RAZA have Delivery options?
Unfortunately pets are not allowed at this property.
Are there vegetarian options?
Are there vegetarian options?
No, this hotel does not offer extra beds.
No, this hotel does not offer extra beds.
Hi, do y'all accept take-out orders?
Can I make reservations at Berber?
There is only on street parking available at Deccan Spice.
Does Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar accept Google Pay?
do you have parking
do you have parking
do you have parking
do you have parking
do you have parking
do you have parking
do you have parking
Does your restaurant offer drinks at a discount after work?
The check-out time at the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is any time in the morning until 12 pm.
What is the ambience of Seven Hills?
I'm sorry, there aren't any museums in Fisherman's Wharf. Would you like me to search another neighborhood?
The payment options available at the Saru Sushi Bar include credit cards.
There are not meeting or banquet facilities at the Archway House.
Is your place of business wheelchair friendly?
Does the Admiral Hotel have meeting or banquet facilities?
Can I bring my own alcohol to The Ghandi?
Pakwan Restaurant offer outdoor seating availability.
English and Italian are spoken at AVALON.
Dry cleaning is available for an extra charge at the Hyatt Place San Francisco/Downtown.
Does the Crab House accept Apple Pay?
There is no drive thru at Super Duper Burgers.
Does The Front Porch have a TV
I want to see a landmark at Fisherman's Wharf
Can you tell me what the address and zip code is for the Club Donatello?
They do not accept Google Pay.
Yes, the rooms at Layne Hotel do contain a heating system.
Is Sutro Baths good for kids?
BYOB is not allowed at Loch Fyne.
Nob Hill Inn accept Visa, Discover, American Express, MasterCard and Dining Club cards for payment.
Is there extra fees for pets at the Inn at the Opera?
Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen does not have outdoor seating available.
Visa, Mastercard, Switch, American Express, and Maestro are accepted as payment methods.
Can I get the address of the Andrews Hotel?
No, the Flyer in San Francisco is not recommended for those with medical conditions.
Acorn guest house has free WiFi.
The Tanguito does offer outdoor seats.
The Phoenix Hotel does provide daily housekeeping service.
TAJ TANDOORI accepts cash, American Express, MasterCard, Visa, and digital payments.
Tacos El Patron offers take-out ordering.
is this a good place for groups?
Madame Tussauds San Francisco is located in that region. Would you like more information?
hi uhhh i'm looking to visit san francisco and i was wondering if you could help me uhhh find a visitor center in the presidio
Does the Zen Yai Thai Restaurant offer Free Wifi?
What cards do you accept?
No, Nob Hill Cafe is not a good place for groups.
Is a kitchen and lounge area available for guests?
Is there an admission fee at Bernal Heights Park?
Yes, Zen Yai Thai Restaurant is good for groups.
Yes, The Flying Falafel offers delivery.
Is there housekeeping services?
Is there housekeeping services?
Is The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen good for kids?
They speak English, Arabic, German, Spanish, French, Hungarian, Italian, Japanese, Polish, Portuguese, Russian, Thai, Filipino, Ukrainian, Vietnamese, and Chinese at Hilton San Francisco Union Square.
Nojo Ramen Tavern does not provide outdoor seating.
The welcome center is open from 9am to 6pm everyday.
Are dogs allowed in Marlowe?
Does Fayala accept Apple Pay?
Is there WiFi at Falafelland?
Vegan options are available at Tuba Authentic Turkish Restaurant.
Are the rooms at this location heated?
Are the rooms at this location heated?
Does Tselogs have take-out ordering?
The Tom and Jerry's House has no available parking.
Is there private parking and do I need a reservation?
No, there are no TVs at MaMa Ji's.
Pets are not allowed at the Hobsons House.
Can I bring my pets to the Lombard Plaza Motel?
Pizs.za Express Fen Ditton does not offer vegetarian friendly option
Seward Street Slides has a private lot and street parking is also available.
What sort of options do you have for alternative diets?
Pet's are not allowed.
Will you please give me the address too?
Is Rintaro a good place for kids?
Does Stix have a happy hour?
Ali Baba does not offer free wi-fi at this time.
Hey, can you tell me if you guys have bike parking there?
Super Duper Burgers does not offer delivery service.
Payment methods at Tang Chinese include credit cards.
Cordon Bleu is not a good place for kids.
Can I bring my dog to your hotel?
Magowan's Infinite Mirror Maze, the San Francisco Carousel, or the San Francisco Dungeon would be good choices. Would you like more information on any of them?
ACORN GUEST HOUSE does not provide any shuttle service.
Farm : Table doesn't accept Cryptocurrency, but accepts lot of other payment options.
Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine has a casual, trendy and classy ambience.
Is there a bar in the restaurant?
Are there any special instructions for getting free parking, like reservations?
First, tell me what is the cost of admission at The Flyer in San Francisco?
What is the ambience at Puskhin?
Yes, the restaurant takes reservations.
Does Golden Wok do deliveries?
Bay City Bike Rentals and Tours has a location at Fisherman's Wharf. Would you like more information about them?
Are there any vegetarian meals at yu garden?
Yes, Google Pay is accepted at The Italian Homemade Company.
Is the Hotel Kabuki wheelchair accessible?
Is the front desk is open for 24 hours?
How will I be able to pay for my meal?
No, Fayala does not accept Cryptocurrency.
There is no spa on site here.
Is there a place to park my bike?
Is there a place to park my bike?
Is there a place to park my bike?
Is there a place to park my bike?
La Tasca takes reservations.
Can children ride The Flyer unaccompanied?
are extra beds offered?
Great. Is there parking near the Camera Obscura?
Are there dogs allowed?
Limehouse does not have lift.
Woodhouse Fish offers happy hour specials.
Can you let me know if there is an elevator in the hotel?
Backstreet Bistro does not having outdoor seating as a option.
Yes the front desk is open for 24 hours
The Cheesecake Factory does not accept Google Pay.
Yes, Taboun is wheelchair accessible. I believe that's the purpose of that long ramp out front.
What kind of meals do they serve for breakfast?
What do patrons do for the morning meal?
Mama's on Washington Square does not offer Happy Hour.
delivery service is not available at THE COPPER KETTLE.
What kind of alcohol is served here?
What kind of alcohol is served here?
When is check out?
When is check out?
How long is the Alcatraz Tour?
Chubby Noodle does offer delivery service.
What kind of vegan options are there?
yeah in the san francisco area there's plenty of landmarks but one i recommend is called camera obscura
Yes, there is daily housekeeping service.
Yes, there is daily housekeeping service.
Yes, there is daily housekeeping service.
Yes, there is daily housekeeping service.
No, you cannot.
They accept Google Pay.
Check-out time at Fitzgerald Hotel Union Square is 12:00PM.
I don't have it, but I do have a phone number if (415) 447-5000.
What is the noise level at Pushkin?
There doesn't appear to be any dry cleaning service
What is the age restriction for check-in at Hamilton Lodge?
No, they don't take reservations for parking.
The only 1 star hotel available in this area is Europa Hotel. Would you like any more information?
Home from Home takes Switch, Visa, Mastercard, Carte Blanche, Carta Si, Carte Bleue, and Maestro.
The languages spoken at the Buena Vista Motor Inn include German and Russian.
Pets are allowed at the hotel but at extra fee.
Conservatory of Flowers is good for kids.
Yes, take-out is offered.
Yes, take-out is offered.
University Arms Hotel accepts American Express, Visa, and MasterCard.
What do you offer?
What do you offer?
What do you offer?
What do you offer?
Is there WiFi available?
Is there WiFi available?
Is there WiFi available?
Is there WiFi available?
When is check-in time at Carriage Inn?
If I'm a vegetarian, will you have menu options for me?
Yes, it is accessible by wheelchair.
The Nirala has no stairs so they are wheelchair accessible.
Yes, the rooms at Petite Auberge are heated.
ok ummm why don't i go ahead and book two rooms ummm for sunday just for one night
Is there shuttle service at Express By Holiday Inn Cambridge?
What is ambience at Delicious Dim Sum?
Carolina Bed and Breakfast is not accessible.
What are the check in hours for SF Plaza Hotel?
What is the atmosphere there?
Happy House is not offered at El Farolito.
No, reservations are not taken at Mama's.
Do I have to pay to park at Arbury Lodge Guest House?
Yes bike can be parked at DragonEats.
Are the attraction at San Francisco Zoo good for kids?
Is Google Pay accepted at Nourish Cafe?
Are dogs allowed at Golden State Grill?
Civic Center Motor Inn offers accessible parking at 11.40 USD per day.
Does Roam Artisan Burgers offer free WiFi?
Is parking free at this location?
Is the place dine in only?
Is there parking available at the hotel?
sure let me see what's available in that area. for moderate price range i'm finding several locations how about the hotel riu plaza in fisherman's wharf
How would you describe the noise level?
How would you describe the noise level?
How would you describe the noise level?
How would you describe the noise level?
What is the noise level at Stem Kitchen & Garden?
San Francisco Botanical Garden opens at 7:30 am every day, we also close at 6 pm everyday.
Crypto currency is not accepted.
Do you have an age restriction for check-in?
Outdoor seating is available at Marcella's Lasagneria.
Does the JINGLING NOODLE BAR have parking available for cars?
The University Arms Hotel does not offer accessible parking.
Yes. The Rotunda offer free WiFi.
Is there free WiFi at Travellers Rest?
Pets are allowed on request. Charges may apply.
Pets are allowed on request. Charges may apply.
Rin's Thai Restaurant does not have TV.
San Francisco Marriott Fisherman's Wharf does not offer extra beds.
Check-out time at the Hobsons House is between 7:30 am and 10 am.
Luggage storage service is available at front desk at Kimpton Buchanan Hotel, San Francisco.
I found two moderately priced kebab restaurants but not in Union Sqaure.
The noise level at Sessions at the Presidio is average.
Can you tell me if they allow smoking in the hotel?
Is Jiangnan Cuisine a good place for kids?
How many people are in your party?
There is no cost to use wifi
Dos Eraina serves alcohol?
Pakwan Restaurant does not accept Cryptocurrency.
Yes, Apple Pay is accepted at Beit Rima.
I was wondering if there is a kitchen available for use at HI San Francisco City Center Hostel?
Do you have any preferred hotel brand?
The ambiance of Sessions at the Presidio is casual and classy.
It is located at 151 3rd St, 94103. Can I help you with anything else?
Deccan Spice do not accept Apple Pay.
What kind of dress code do you have?
What kind of dress code do you have?
What type of ambiance does The Halal Guys have?
What payment methods do A Desi Cafe accept?
Is there a TV at Slice House Haight by Tony Gemignani?
The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen restaurant is good for groups.
There are no restaurants or bars onsite at the Golden Gate Hotel.
Romantic & Classy
Sons & Daughters does offer take-out ordering.
The Gardenia does not offer delivery service.
SF Honey Pig Korean BBQ is wheelchair accessible.
They do not have any banquet facilities or meeting rooms
What payment options are available there?
Does the Orchard Hotel have banquet and meeting facilities?
Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen is suitable for children.
Is there parking on the street there?
Frascati does not allow its customers to bring their dogs.
Payment options are available at The Progress are Credit Cards.
Can someone in a wheelchair be easily accommodated?
Is dry cleaning available?
Is dry cleaning available?
Is there free breakfast at A and B Guest House?
What is the zip code where that is located?
The check-in time at the Cow Hollow Inn and Suites is 4:00PM.
No, this property does not offer extra beds.
No, this property does not offer extra beds.
Does the Italian Homemade Company have casual attire?
the rooms at Hyatt Regency San Francisco are air conditioned
Take-out ordering is available at Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen.
Is there parking onsite?
Hotel Kabuki, a Joie de Vivre Hotel has heating and air conditioning.
Would you like to try Kimpton Buchanan Hotel in Japantown.
Howdy, do you all offer bike parking there?
Do you offer additional beds for those with kids?
Can i reserve a table?
English and Spanish are spoken at Travelodge by Wyndham Presidio San Francisco.
Does Kokkari Estiatorio offer takeout?
Does Shiraz Restaurant have highchairs for babies?
Greek and English are spoken at this place.
Does Super Duper Burgers have Happy Hour Specials?
Plain Jane does not accept Apple Pay.
Does Chiquita Restaurant Bar ever have live music?
The payment options available at The Pawn Shop include Credit Cards.
The ambiance of Tuba Authentic Turkish Restaurant is casual but classy.
Certainly. You might enjoy the Walt Disney Family Museum, which is located in Presidio.
TV is available at Jin Mi Korean Cuisine.
Free WiFi is not offered at Liholiho Yacht Club.
What can you tell me about the noise level there?
What are your gluten free options?
San Francisco City Hall is open from 8AM to 8PM Monday through Friday and is closed Saturdays and Sundays.
Is there room for a wheelchair?
No kitchen in rooms, but there is tea and coffee making equipment, with biscuits.
Does Ben Thai Cafe have TV?
I need a park in Fisherman's Wharf
Is bike parking available at Cotogna?
Do you offer gluten free menu options at Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton?
Yes.Park Tavern have vegan friendly options.
Does Burma Love accept credit cards?
Does the Besharam have free WiFi?
Yes they have bike parking here, probably in the form of a rack.
Do you have parking available for my car?
Limehouse does not provide safety deposit boxes.
Does Shiraz Restaurant allow BYOB?
Do they have happy hour specials?
Which languages are spoken at Orange Village Hostel?
Does Kitchen Istanbul offer vegan friendly options?
Roam Artisan Burgers offers beer and wine.
The Halal Guys does not allow dogs.
no, because parking is free.
Hi, is there any TV available at your restaurant?
Does this location have concierge services?
No, there is no specific dress code at The Italian Homemade Company.
New Eritrea Restaurant & Bar offers credit card payment only.
Do you have to pay for parking?
We currently do not offer live music.
Yes, there is bike parking at Aquarium Of The Bay.
Is there a charge to use the internet?
Is there a charge to use the internet?
Is there a charge to use the internet?
yes it's open for 24 hours.
No Pho 2000 is not good for groups.
There is no charge for parking at ACORN GUEST HOUSE
Can my 17 year old daughter check in for me?
Rooster & Rice has vegan friendly options.
What about Sessions at the Presidio?
Yes, they have facilities for disabled guests.
Yes they do, a person mentioned they were served alcohol here.
There is no take-out option.
The noise level at Good Mong Kok Bakery is average.
Does Roma Antica have vegetarian food?
Do you provide dry cleaning service?
No, dogs are prohibited at Pacific Cafe.
Yes, Tanguito serves sandwiches.
CatHead's BBQ has street parking and an easy, free private lot.
Yes, you can park at Cocum.
Bedouin does not have high chairs available.
what credits cards are accepted?
Yes, 3 stars is what I'm looking for.
No, San Francisco Proper Hotel is a smoke-free property.
Cool Cravings has free WiFi available.
What is the typical noise level?
Private parking is available on site at Hotel Kabuki, a Joie de Vivre Hotel for USD $50 per day.
Club Donatello is a moderately priced hotel in Union Square. Would you like me to book it for you?
Lan Hong House is not accessible by wheelchair.
The Tanguito does not offer drive-thru services.
Does the hotel provide a shuttle service?
Dogs are not permitted at Rooster & Rice.
What time does Pier 39 open and close each day?
Check-out time at Buena Vista Motor Inn is at 12:00pm.
sure i've found just one spot and it's called franciscan crab restaurant
Michaelhouse Cafe does not serve any alcohol.
There is no wheelchair accessible access at Hyde Street Beach
What is the dress code of Legion of Honor?
ok let me check that for you ok so it doesn't specify in our database if they do or if they don't so i'm not sure
Can I order take-out from Little Seoul?
Yes, it has vegan options.
Yes, it has vegan options.
SF Honey Pig Korean BBQ accepts credit cards, Apple Pay, and Google Pay.
What parking is available at La Mediterranee?
Is wifi available there?
When do I have to be out of my room when I check out?
Nick's Crispy Tacos is Kids-friendly and is good for kids.
Yes, there is a fitness center on site
Can I order take-out from Presidio Kebab?
Tuba Authentic Turkish Restaurant does not offer happy hour.
Does Presidio Kebab offer free WiFi?
What is the latest time I can leave the next day if I stay the night at Nineteen 06 Mission?
LEVERTON HOUSE offers free accessible parking.
Is Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine a good place for kids?
Is accessible parking available?
Is accessible parking available?
Is accessible parking available?
No, La Mediterranee does not accept Apple Pay.
Can you let me know when check-out time is?
Are dogs allowed at Sutro Baths?
What payment options are accepted at B on the Go?
What days do you have live music?
How much is admission to Balmy Street Murals?
Hello. Does your rooms feature individual air units?
There is no age restriction to check-in at the City Centre North B and B.
Sure, their number is (415) 753-7080.
Do you have free WiFi?
Do you have free WiFi?
Do you have free WiFi?
Do you have free WiFi?
Do you have free WiFi?
Do you have free WiFi?
Do you have free WiFi?
Do you have free WiFi?
Do you have free WiFi?
Do you have free WiFi?
Do you have free WiFi?
Do you have free WiFi?
Do you have free WiFi?
Do you have free WiFi?
there is no mention of lifts
Are there meeting and banquet facility present at the site?
Can I get vegan food there?
Can I get vegan food there?
Can I get vegan food there?
Can I get vegan food there?
Can I get vegan food there?
Is there any alochol served?
Does Taqueria Los Coyotes play television?
Liholiho Yacht Club does not offer happy hour.
Pizza Express Fen Ditton does not offer take-out ordering.
Is Berber wheelchair accessible?
There is street parking at Cable Car Hotel.
Children 6 and above are welcome.
I want to make sure I'll have a parking space when I stay at your hotel.
Do you offer halal?
Payment methods includes American Express, Visa, Mastercard and/or Discover at the Bay Bridge Inn San Francisco.
Allenbell does not provide room service.
Is Zen Yai Thai Restaurant good for group?
no it is not good for kids
I have the Hogwash. It is in the moderate price range. Would you like more information?
Is What The Cluck good for happy hour?
Staff here speak English and Chinese.
There is no place for parking at Cable Car Museum.
There is no wheelchair access.
There is no wheelchair access.
There is no wheelchair access.
There is no wheelchair access.
Where can I leave my bags for a while after checkout?
Where can I leave my bags for a while after checkout?
Where can I leave my bags for a while after checkout?
Where can I leave my bags for a while after checkout?
Where can I leave my bags for a while after checkout?
Where can I leave my bags for a while after checkout?
Where can I leave my bags for a while after checkout?
Where can I leave my bags for a while after checkout?
What is the check in age at The Lensfield Hotel?
Crab House at Pier 39 accepts credit cards and Apple Pay.
I want to go to a museum in Embarcadero
Do you have high chairs available at Nopalito?
Does Argonaut Hotel, a Noble House Hotel have accessible parking?
No, there are no age restrictions for 7D Experience.
Can I bring my own alcohol to Little Seoul?
Yes, can I get their address?
What payment methods are accepted here?
India House does not offer anything that is gluten free.
What parking is available at Underdogs Too?
There are no outdoor seats at The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar.
Does Rusty's Southern accept Google Pay?
Gluten free options are not available at GOLDEN WOK.
Is there a dress code?
Yes, you can stay with children at A and B Guest House.
Extra beds are not available at Travelodge by Wyndham San Francisco Central.
Does Hotel Boheme have any meeting or banquet facilities?
Do you provide daily housekeeping services?
Dojo Noodle Bar accepts credit cards.
What about Ferry Building Marketplace?
Meeting and banquet facilities are available for an additional charge.
What is the ambiance of your place?
I found San Francisco Museum of Modern Art in the area.
There are a lot of options. Would you be interested in a museum?
Yes, accessible parking is available at Express By Holiday Inn Cambridge.
Is this a good place to bring my kids?
May we bring in our own beverages?
Ferry Building Marketplace is open from 10:00 am to 6:00 pm every day. On Saturday it is open from 9:00 am to 6:00 pm. On Sunday it is open from 11:00 am to 5:00 pm.
Is Asian Box kid friendly?
Is there a space to park a bike, similar to car parking?
There is garage and street parking available at Marlowe.
What forms of payment are accepted at King George?
what forms of payment do you accept
what forms of payment do you accept
the Hotel Kabuki, a Joie de Vivre Hotel has parking onsite
Hello, can you find me a cheap, 4 star hotel in Union Square please?
Is it possible to park my bike at Papito Hayes?
What are COTE's halal options?
Do you allow customers to BYOB?
Do you offer dry cleaning services to your guests?
Saigon Sandwich is not listed as group friendly.
No, La Tasca does not offer halal options.
Yes, Tasty Pot has TV.
J Restaurant is not a live music venue.
Do you have TV's?
Do you offer shuttle service to and from the airport?
Does Lucky Pig accept Apple Pay?
Delicious Dim Sum is not ideal for groups.
Does Orange Village provide wifi for their guests?
WiFi is free and is available in all areas
Is it kid friendly there/
Hey, what can you tell me about the ambience there?
Checkout time at the Harbor Court Hotel is until 12 PM.
ok uhhh can you share the phone number and zip codes for that
What is the noise level at Blind Butcher?
Uncle Boy's accepts credit cards and Apple Pay.
What is the ambience at Rusty's Southern?
Continental, vegetarian, and a full English/Irish breakfast are available at Acron Guest House.
Are there any age limits for people staying there?
Is air conditioning offered at this location?
Is Pho 2000 a good place for kids?
Charlie Chan does not have gluten free options.
Are there parking options available at this restaurant?
i'm finding they are a wheelchair accessible location yes
Petite Auberge is a bed and breakfast in Union square, would you like me to book it?
Are pets allowed at the Archway House?
Is there any security deposit required to stay at SF Plaza Hotel?
Lucky Pig offers delivery.
Is the restaurant good for kids?
The Pacific Heights Inn by Magnuson Worldwide provides free on site parking.
Alcohol is not available for order at The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar.
The languages spoken at the Civic Center Inn include English, Spanish and Hindi.
What time may I check in upon arrival?
Is your place wheelchair friendly?
Parking at Kirkwood House is free.
What languages are spoken at Hotel Vitale, a Joie de Vivre Hotel?
Are extra beds available at your hotel?
There are designated smoking areas provided at Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf.
Does Glaze Teriyaki offer happy hour?
What is offered at A Mano?
Souvia does not require an appointment.
yes, and there no additional charges
Per the amenities tab, there is a restaurant and a snack bar onsite at Club Quarters Hotel in San Francisco.
Is take-out ordering available at The Oak Bistro?
yes all rooms are air-conditioned
Depending on the room you choose, you can request extra beds.
Rooms at the Club Quarters Hotel in San Francisco are heated
No. There is no smoking section.
Are the rooms at the Desmond Hotel noon smoking?
What parking is available?
Wifi is free at Cornell Hotel de France.
The check-in time at SOMA Park inn is 3:00 PM.
Can I pay for my meal with Apple Pay?
Does Farm : Table have vegan options?
The dress code at Roma Antica is casual.
Do you have a bike stand?
Do you have a vegan menu?
The ambience of A La Turca Restaurant is casual and classy.
I recommend the Aquarium of the Bay in North Beach/Telegraph Hill
There are no Art Museums in Corona Heights, can I look for something else for you?
What time is check-in there?
What time is check-in there?
The Oak Bistro is not wheelchair accessible.
What are the wifi options at Chelsea Inn?
STAZIONE RESTAURANT AND COFFEE BAR does not have free wifi.
Is Saucy Asian ok for kids?
Can my son check-in by himself alone?
Yes, could you tell me if Hotel Bijou has parking free of charge?
Rooms at Adelaide Hostel are heated.
Kitchen Story serves beer and wine only.
Does MaMa Ji's offer outdoor seating?
Do you have high chairs for small children?
Extra beds are not available for guests.
Is there a lot of noise at Kasa Indian Eatery?
Unfortunately there are no bed and breakfast in the Japantown area.
Do all the dishes contain meat?
Free WiFi is available at Starbelly.
Heating is provided at the rooms of the King George.
Outdoor seating is not available at Mensho Tokyo.
Dogs are not allowed at Tselogs.
Does the ALI BABA  serve Alcohol?
Does your bakery accept Google Pay?
Does the CAFFE UNO offer Free Wifi?
No,  dogs are not allowed at Asian Box.
Are the rooms at Inn on Folsom air-conditioned?
Sugarhill Kitchen is wheelchair accessible.
What is the atmosphere at Tanguito?
Does Bac Lieu Restaurant have street parking?
Is housekeeping available?
I have no listings for public markets in Mission. Would you be interested in several of Mission's other attractions?
Parking is available at the hotel for a daily charge.
The Inn San Francisco offers baggage storage.
There is no luggage storage service offered at the Archway House.
Check-in time is 3:00 PM.
Yes the rooms are heated at SW Hotel.
Does Oasis Inn offer 24-hour front desk service?
yeah definitely in san francisco there's two art museums i know of the de young museum or the s. f. moma museum of modern art which i really recommend
Sure it's 94124. Anything else I can help with?
Hi, is there are art museums around Fisherman's Wharf?
Is parking available at Kimpton Buchanan Hotel?
Yes, the Grant Plaza Hotel provides luggage/baggage storage service.
Dry cleaning services are available for an additional charge at the Hotel Zephyr San Francisco.
Pacific Cafe does not offer delivery service.
No, Loch Fyne doesn't offer any halal options.
Shuttle service is not available at Executive Hotel Vintage Court.
Sushirrito  does not offer happy hour.
The Golden Curry has no outdoor seating.
There are several moderately priced 4 star hotels in the area. Any particular brand preference?
Can you accommodate people with disabilities?
Hi. I need to find a moderately priced Inn to stay in Union Square.
There is not a kitchen available at Taj Campton Place.
Is there free WiFi available at Avalon?
Does your hotel offer meeting rooms for people to use?
Are the rooms at Petite Auberge air-conditioned?
Does MaMa Ji's have seating for groups?
Are there any meeting or banquet facilities at Avalon?
KoJa Kitchen does have outdoor seating available.
The Wharf Inn has an elevator.
English and Spanish are spoken at Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Union Square.
Can I park my car at Balmy Street Murals?
What credit cards does The Gardenia accept?
Is there dining at San Francisco Marriott Fisherman's Wharf?
Are reservations accepted at Sumac?
Chiquito Restaurant Bar offers outdoor seating.
Do they have a 24-hour front desk?
Do they accept apple pay?
Do you prefer one inside or outside?
Does Pakwan Restaurant take reservations?
Vegan friendly options are available at Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen.
Pets are not allowed in this hotel.
Blind Butcher does not accept Apple Pay.
Hello.  Is it possible to reserve seats outside for this evening?
Shiraz Restaurant does not offer gluten free options.
What is the fare to ride the cable car?
Is Brenda's French Soul Food good for kids?
Lan Hong House does not have highchairs available for babies.
Does the Bloomsbury Restaurant have gluten free options?
Live music is not being offered at this time.
Live music is not being offered at this time.
Live music is not being offered at this time.
Live music is not being offered at this time.
Live music is not being offered at this time.
Live music is not being offered at this time.
Take out ordering is offered at Stix.
Does Benu offer delivery?
Are high chairs available for babies at Nandos?
Bridge Guest House does not have a fitness center or gym onsite.
Do they offer take out ordering?
Can I place an order for Take-Out at Nick's?
Does this location provide room service?
No, dogs aren't allowed at Loving Hut.
Do you allow pets in your hotel?
The zip code is 94110. Is there anything else I can assist with?
The noise level at Leopold's is loud.
No, extra beds are not available.
There is luggage storage at this site
Do you offer kids meals?
Yes, The Monk's Kettle has outdoor seating.
Is there WiFi on site?
Inn San Francisco does not require a security deposit.
Can I smoke in this restaurant?
Are you a wheelchair accessible hotek?
Yes, there is a 24-hour rooftop gym onsite.
Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen does accept credit cards.
Does Fayala have vegeterian friendly options?
What time is check in at the hotel?
Casal attire is the dress code.
Are there any additional charges for car parking at the Buena Vista Motor Inn?
The San Francisco Proper Hotel offers meeting/banquet facilities at an additional charge.
Parking at Hilton San Francisco Union Square costs 66.12 USD per day.
Does Picaro accept Apple Pay?
Does Tasty Poy accept Apple Pay?
Sure. San Francisco City Hall is a landmark in the Civic Center area.
Good Hotel does not provide room service.
Do you offer wifi?
Do you offer wifi?
Do you offer wifi?
Do you offer wifi?
Do you offer wifi?
Do you offer wifi?
Extra beds are not available at the Layne Hotel.
San Francisco Zoo does offer military discounts.
Free WiFi is not available at Nopalito.
Are reservations accepted at la Mediterranee?
Archway House does not allow pets.
Does Kasa Indian Eatery offer delivery?
A La Turca does not accept Apple Pay.
sure let me see what i can find for you ok so there are quite a few beaches in s. f. one that people do like a lot is called ocean beach how's that work
Does Kirkwood House offer a shuttle service?
Is there street parking available?
Is there street parking available?
Is there street parking available?
Is there street parking available?
Is there street parking available?
SESAME RESTAURANT AND BAR does not serve alcohol.
No, La Mediterranee doesn't accept Apple Pay.
No thanks, but could you tell me what the parking options are at Clarion Alley?
Do you guys allow pets?
Do you guys allow pets?
Do you guys allow pets?
Do you guys allow pets?
The rooms at the Twin Peaks Hotel are heated.
Hey, do you guys have any vegan options available there?
The Hogwash does have TV.
Do you provide free WiFi in your restaurant?
Hey, good afternoon. Do you guys allow dogs there?
Hey, do you guys have a happy hour?
The check-out time at the Howard Johnson by Wyndham San Francisco Marina District is until 12:00 p.m., noon.
No Hot Sauce and Panko doesn;t have TV.
Shalimar offers vegan friendly options.
Not quite. I'd like to know the opening hours of the Cathedral, please.
Payment can be made using a credit card, cash, check or money order.
Check in is from 3:00 pm.
you know that's a good question i don't see that specifically listed but i'm seeing a lot of businesses at this location so i would assume so
Pizzetta 211 is not good for groups.
Blue Barn Gourmet does not have TV.
There is no extra fee to stay with your pets at Carriage Inn because pets are not allowed.
Does this site offer laundry?
Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen serve Beer & Wine Only.
Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen serve Beer & Wine Only.
parking is free at the Lombard Plaza Motel
How's the noise at Piccino?
The payment option available at Little Gem is credit cards.
There is no parking available onsite at The Monarch Hotel.
What is the cost of WiFi at the St. Regis San Francisco?
Are dogs allowed at Cellarmaker House of Pizza?
Is your place pet friendly?
What is the cancellation policy?
You'll be chraged 100 GBP fee per stay to keep a pet in your room.
What time do I need to check out?
Can i sit outdoors?
Do you all take pets?
Is there any outdoor seating at Ali Baba?
No restaurant or bar is available onsite.
Rice House does not offer outdoor seating at this time.
No, Madame Tussauds San Francisco is not by appointment only.
No. The Progress does not offer free WiFi.
Does Blind Butcher accept Apple Pay?
Can you provide me with a list of restaurants in Fisherman's Wharf that serve sandwiches?
Eraina does not offer any vegetarian friendly options.
The Souvla has TV available.
The check-out time at the Bel Air Hotel is 10:00AM.
Lift options are not availble at the Wharf.
Do you offer wheelchair accessibility?
Are pets allowed at Royal Pacific Motor Inn?
No whereever would be okay.
No, Carolina Bed and Breakfast does not have a fitness center/gym onsite.
Is the front desk open 24 hours at El Shaddai?
How much is on site parking at Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf?
what forms of payment does thai time restaurant accept?
What forms of credit cards are accepted?
What forms of credit cards are accepted?
Yes, Concierge is offered as a service
The noise level at MaMa Ji's is average.
Dumpling Kitchen is suitable for groups.
Takeout orders are accepted at Pizza Hut City Centre.
The Fitzgerald Hotel Union Square does not offer extra beds.
Can you tell me what time the Cable Car Museum opens at?
Yes, Kasa Indian Eatery accepts Apple Pay.
do you serve alcohol
do you serve alcohol
Yes. wheelchair accessible at Seven Hills.
Does this site have fitness center available?
It does not have lift.
free parking is provided
Is Leopold's good for happy hour?
Burma Love does not accept Apple Pay.
Does Hotel Bijou provide a luggage storage?
Is the front desk open 24/7?
Is the front desk open 24/7?
Yes, they provide daily housekeeping.
Sorry, I'm still looking for a landmark in Presidio. Any recommendation from the five you mentioned?
Admission is $16 for adults and $8 for children.
I want an expensive 4-star hotel in Union square.
Azalina's is wheelchair accessible.
Can I make a reservation for parking?
Can I make a reservation for parking?
Daily housekeeping service is not provided at Lovell Lodge.
Are there any meeting and banquet facility available?
Does Rooster & Rice offer take-out?
How is the noise level at this location?
Does What The Cluck have TVs?
Do you have bilingual staff?
Are there TV's in the main seating area?
Do you accept apple pay options?
How are you? Can I use Google pay?
hey so i'm heading down to san francisco later this week and i'm hoping to check out some places to visit ummm can you send me or share some recommendations for like an art museum
what time do I need to checkout by?
El Shaddai does not have any accessible parking.
Does Fayala have a TV?
Is the hotel pet friendly?
Yes, there are rooms available with disability access at Coventry Inn.
Yes, TAJ TANDOORI is a Wheelchair Accessible restaurant.
Boba Guys does offer free Wifi
Is there reseravtions taken?
ALEXANDER BED AND BREAKFAST does not have swimming pool onsite.
No, La Taqueria does not offer free WiFi.
What is the noise level at Papito Potrero Hill?
Hotel Riu Plaza Fisherman's Wharf has a swimming pool onsite.
Stazione Restaurant and Coffee Bar accepts reservations.
ok cool ummm i'm also looking for restaurants in the pacific heights area that also have cooking classes do you know if any
No, dogs are not allowed.
No, dogs are not allowed.
No, dogs are not allowed.
No, dogs are not allowed.
No, dogs are not allowed.
No, dogs are not allowed.
No, dogs are not allowed.
No, dogs are not allowed.
No, dogs are not allowed.
Does Taboun offer take-out ordering?
Coqueta does not have TV.
There is not any luggage storage service at Aylesbray Lodge Guest House.
What type of payment does Glaze Teriyaki accept?
Are reservations accepted at Frisco Fried?
What's the noise level like?
What's the noise level like?
Yes, Cuisine of Nepal offers delivery. It is $2.99 for delivery.
Outdoor seating is not available at Tang Chinese.
California Academy of Sciences isn't available for appointment booking.
Does Good Luck Dim Sum serve alcohol?
What are the payment options at Ebisu?
Is there any available parking?
is wifi available at Super Duper Burgers?
No specific rating, just expensive one for a special occasion.
The Inn does not offer extra beds.
Is happy hour offered at The Snug?
Yes, and also the phone number please.
Is alcohol available here?
Asian Box's ambiance is hipster, casual and classy.
Are free breakfasts included?
No, Pho 2000 does not accept Apple Pay.
Noise level is average at Fayala.
Do you know if the hotel offers a happy hour?
Private Parking is available on site at the Americania Hotel
Is a parking lot available for me to use at your hotel?
Does Saffron Brasserie serve liquor?
Does the Amarena offer take-out?.
Is WiFi available at Layne Hotel?
OK, what time does San Francisco City Hall open each morning?
I cannot climb stairs so is a lift available?
Is there a designated smoking area at Hamilton Lodge?
Can I get to-go at Molinari Delicatessen?
Do you all offer baggage storage?
Charlie Chan does not serve alcohol.
Do you offer any kind of meals?
Do you take Apple Pay?
Do you take Apple Pay?
Do you take Apple Pay?
Do you take Apple Pay?
Do you take Apple Pay?
Do you take Apple Pay?
Do you take Apple Pay?
Do you take Apple Pay?
Do you take Apple Pay?
Do you take Apple Pay?
Do you take Apple Pay?
Do you take Apple Pay?
Do you take Apple Pay?
Do you take Apple Pay?
Do you take Apple Pay?
Do you take Apple Pay?
Do you take Apple Pay?
Do you take Apple Pay?
Do you take Apple Pay?
Do you take Apple Pay?
Cotogna has a casual dress code.
Can I park a bike?
Does your place have any high chairs?
Do they have accommodations for wheelchair accessibility?
Average noise level at Han Il Kwan.
Yes, the rooms at Green Tortoise Hostel are heated.
Yes, Roma Antica  offers take-out ordering.
Yes, groups are welcomed at Boba Guys.
They do not offer WiFi at all.
Do I need a reservation to park?
Accessible parking is available at Motel 6 San Francisco Downtown.
How loud is the environment at Papito Hayes?
Do you have heat in your rooms?
Do they have any restaurant or bar onsite?
Do they have high chairs available?
Do y'all allow dogs there?
Do y'all allow dogs there?
Do y'all allow dogs there?
The rental fee depends on your bike and can be anywhere from $16 to $78 a day.
We provide English and Italian spoken at El Shaddai.
Pets are only allowed upon request and an extra fee may be charged.
Noise level at B on the Go is average.
Let's start with a place for you to stay. I have several listings. Do you have a preference for price range or star rating?
Woodhouse Fish does not take reservations.
Yes, a $150 damage deposit is required upon arrival.
Parking is free at the Civic Center Inn.
Super Duper Burgers accepts credit cards and Google Pay.
sure the phone number is four one five four one two zero three eight two and their zip code is nine four one three three
Can I park my car at Coit Tower?
Does The Flying Falafel offer take-out ordering?
yes this is a good place for groups
Do you have a happy hour today at your locations?
What payment methods are accepted at Azalina's?
Are TV's located in rooms?
Do you have rooms with disabled access?
Parking is not available at Europa Hotel. However, there is public parking nearby.
There is no concierge service at Worth House.
There are no safety deposit boxes provided.
Casual and Classy is the ambience of Pica Pica Arepa Kitchen.
Delivery Service is available at Old Jerusalem Restaurant.
of course the phone number is four one five seven eight one five five five five with the zip code nine four one zero eight
Does your restaurant take reservations?
Does your restaurant take reservations?
Do you have wheelchair accessibility at your restaurant?
Yes, Kung Food is wheelchair accessible.
Anatolia does not have outdoor seating.
Casual, classy is the ambience of Turner's Kitchen.
Is live music available at EFES Restaurant?
Guests at Kimpton Sir Francis Drake Hotel are provided with baggage storage at no extra cost.
Credit cards are accepted as payment at Aquarium Of The Bay.
Parker Guest House provides baggage storage.
We have laundry facility at the Leverton house.
Yes, rooms at this hotel are heated.
Aziza does not offer a take-out option.
What is your check in time?
What is your check in time?
What is your check in time?
Is there a lift available?
Is there a lift available?
The Lensfield Hotel does not have any rooms with disability access.
Is there WiFi at The Pawn Shop?
Do you guys offer dry cleaning services?
Does Helmand Palace have halal options?
Hidden Garden Steps does not offer bike parking.
There is no room for extra beds at the hotel.
Does Ferry Building Bike Rentals accept credit cards?
What payment forms are accepted?
What form of payment do you accept for the purchase of tickets?
Does Bite offer take-out ordering?
The admission fee is $8 at Cable Car - California Street Line.
I'd recommend going to the Golden Gate Bridge Welcome Center located at the Golden Bridge.
Efes Restaurant does not offer free WiFi.
While staying at  Axiom Hotel can I get an extra bed?
Does the Blind Butcher have Car Parking?
Yes, rooms at Four Seasons Hotel San Francisco are air-conditioned.
No it's free parking.
Are the rooms air-conditioned?
Is there a specific dress code at Souvla?
Are there any rooms left for April 17th?
What is the admission fee at Randall Museum?
The ambience of Rooster & Rice is casual and trendy.
Hey what's the ambience like at Mensho Tokyo?
The address and zip code for Golden Gate Hotel is 775 Bush Street, Union Square and 94108.
Reservations are not available.
Arizmendi Bakery does have vegan friendly options.
What form of payment do you accept?
What form of payment do you accept?
What languages are spoken at Taylor Hotel San Francisco?
The Painted Ladies landmark is interesting. What else would you like to know about it?
Does the YH-Beijing good for Groups?
Is Deccan Spice a good place for kids?
What languages are spoken at El Shaddai?
No, Tanguito does not take reservations.
Is there somewhere for me to heat my food?
Does Souvla offer take-out ordering?
The noise level at Jasmine Garden is average.
Just the address and zip code please.
English and Spanish are the languages spoken at the Hayes Valley Inn.
Is El Farolito kid-friendly?
Yes, alcohol will be served at Don Pasquale Pizzeria.
The front desk is open 24 hours at Hotel Griffon.
Can I know the opening hours for Dolores Park?
High chairs are available at Wagamama.
Sesame Restaurant and Bar accepts American Express, Mastercard, Visa, Digital Payments and Credit Cards.
There are no laundry facility at the Warkworth House, but there is an iron in your room.
Is there a fitness center for use ?
Are there any halal options on your menu?
Can I book a table ahead of time?
Does Picaro have WiFi for customers?
Cool Cravings is a great place to have a group outing.
The Stem Kitchen & Garden does not accept reservations.
Can I use Apple Pay there?
Are there any rooms at Rosa's Bed and Breakfast which are accessible for disabilities?
WiFi is free in all areas
Does Franciscan Crab Restaurant offer high chairs?
What's the noise level at Fog Harbor Fish House?
The Nob Hill Hotel offers daily housekeeping service.
Concierge service is provided at Cow Hollow Inn and Suites.
No, My Tofu Hour doesn't offer happy hour.
Do you have daily specials?
The Good Luck Dim Sum restaurant offers food for take-out.
Clowns Cafe does not offer outdoor seating at this time.
Yes, Souvla offers vegetarian options.
Does De Afghanan Kabob House accept Cryptocurrency?
It does not accept Cryptocurrency.
Is room service available.
Room service is not offered by ASHLEY HOTEL.
Are there any facilities there for gatherings?
No Bloomsbury restaurant does not take any reservations at this time.
The establishment accepts credit cards.
Is there a concierge here?
Do I have to pay a security deposit?
Do you have WiFi available on site.
Do you know whether I'll be able to park my car at Balmy Street Murals?
Yes, this restaurant offers both takeout and delivery.
Rooster & Rice does not serve alcohol
Yes, Zizzi Cambridge takes reservations.
There are no restaurants in that zip code. Would you prefer a restaurant in a different zip code?
Credit cards are accepted.
Does this site offer any laundry services?
This place does not have a TV.
The Golden Curry does not offer vegetarian friendly options.
Yes, Travellers Rest is wheelchair accessible.
Is Hogwash kid friendly?
Romantic and Classy is the ambience of Foreign Cinema.
Howdy, can you let me know if you guys take Apple Pay?
The Cow Hollow Inn & Suites has double and king rooms available with disability access.
Pampanguena Cuisine is good for kids.
The Alexander Bed and Breakfast offers a free continental breakfast.
Does Roam Artisan Burgers have vegetarian food?
great and one last request while i have you on the phone uhhh could you help me find somewhere to stay in the presidio area maybe like a four star hotel moderately priced
Karaweik Burmese Cuisine does deliver.
SF Honey Pig Korean BBQ does accept Apple Pay.
The parking is situated near the Tilden Hotel and is available for $59.00 daily.
Does A and B Guest House have luggage storage service.
No, Brazen Head does not accept Apple Pay.
Is this a nonsmoking hotel?
Dogs are not allowed at the Burmese Kitchen.
Is Sugarhill Kitchen wheelchair accessible?
There is no free WiFi at the moment in the restaurant.
Yes, Galleria serves alcohol.
mmm camera obscura do you know if camera obscura accepts google pay
Yes, the rooms at The Monarch Hotel are heated.
ok uhhh do they speak french
do you have wi fi
do you have wi fi
do you have wi fi
Do you have wireless internet?
Do you have wireless internet?
State Bird Provisions restaurant accept payment options of credit cards.
The Bac Lieu Restaurant does offer take-out ordering.
Do you have anything that is vegetarian?
Free parking is available on site.
Free parking is available on site.
Is WiFi available at University Club of San Francisco?
Are pets allowed at San Francisco Proper Hotel?
Is there parking available at Fairmont San Francisco?
What forms of payments are acceptable at Rooster & Rice?
Is it noisy at What The Cluck?
Parking costs $45 per day at Carriage Inn.
The menu at Royal Spice does not have gluten free options.
Is there a lift in the Cove Hotel?
Extra beds are available at Presidio Parkway Inn.
Are there any workout facilities at the hotel?
CAMBRIDGE LODGE RESTAURANT does not offer live music.
Sala Thong restaurant is not wheelchair accessible.
Dumpling Kitchen is good for kids.
Hey do you guys offer WiFi there at Octavia?
Hard Knox Cafe has vegan friendly options.
The ambience at Pampangueana Cuisine is casual and classy.
Hi, can you tell me if you guys are good for groups?
is there a lift?
A parking reservation is required at Cityroomz.
The Pawn Shop has free WiFi.
Yes, Marcella's Lasagneria is good for groups.
Yes, this establishment offers take-out ordering.
Awesome, do you know whether Magowan's Infinite Mirror Maze has bike parking facilities?
sure so what i'm not what i'm finding in the outer sunset is unfortunately nothing for british food
There is no onsite pool at Ashley Hotel.
Do you accept Visa or Discover for payment?
I would like a moderately priced hotel
Is there a specific dress code at Belden Place?
Hi. I'm looking for a good place to dine and some local attractions in the Financial District of San Francisco.
The Hilton San Francisco Financial District offers facilities for disabled guests.
Exploratorium supports Apple Pay as payment.
Does Hogwash accept Apple Pay from their customers?
How is the ambiance?
Which credit cards to you take?
Yes, bike parking is available at Alamo Square.
Vegetarian friendly options are not available here.
The Souvla restaurant does not offer WiFi.
cool by chance do you know if that's a good place uhhh for large groups
No, Home From Home does not have a spa onsite.
are there extra beds I can get?
There are no gluten free options at Tilak
Basa Seafood Express is good for groups.
JINLING NOODLE BAR only has street parking available.
Is Wifi extra?
Can I get food delivered at Rooster & Rice?
Is there a specific dress code at The Flying Falafel?
What kind of atmosphere is Sumac?
facilities for people with disabilities are provided
The Hotel Bijou accepts Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Diner's Club International, and Discover.
Concierge service is available at San Francisco Marriott Fisherman's Wharf.
No Little Seoul does not have halal options.
Alcohol is not available to order at Sitar Tandoori.
Take out ordering is offered at Oasis Cafe.
Is Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen good for groups?
Yes. Tacos El Patron offers delivery service.
Hobsons House does not have a spa onsite.
Do you offer WiFi?
Do you offer WiFi?
Do you offer WiFi?
Dogs are not allowed at Lucky Pig.
Are you handicap acceptable?
Can I park my bike at Filbert Steps?
Do you accept reservations?
Do you accept reservations?
Do you accept reservations?
Do you accept reservations?
Do you accept reservations?
Do you accept reservations?
Do you accept reservations?
Do you accept reservations?
Do you accept reservations?
Do you accept reservations?
Do you accept reservations?
Do you accept reservations?
Do you accept reservations?
Do you accept reservations?
Do you accept reservations?
Do you accept reservations?
Do you accept reservations?
Do you accept reservations?
Do you accept reservations?
Do you accept reservations?
Dolores Park and Seward Street Slides are parks in Castro. Can I give you the details for one of them?
Do you charge for parking?
Does Axiom Hotel offer room service?
Is there parking at the Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Union Square?
Are there any TVs there?
Zen Yai Thai Restaurant has street parking.
Can I request an extra bed for the room?
Unfortunately there are no parks in the Sea Cliff area. Would you like to try another area?
No. All rooms are non-smoking.
No, HAKKA does not offer live music.
Cellarmaker House of Pizza serves wine and beer only.
Alcohol is limited to beer and wine only at Rin's Thai Restaurant.
English, Spanish and Italian are spoken at Cityroomz.
Yes, Old Jerusalem Restaurant offers bike parking.
Beit Rima serves alcohol but only beer and wine.
What languages are spoken?
What languages are spoken?
Does Lovejoy's Tea Room serve alcohol?
The zip code for that area is 94111. Is there anything else I can help you with?
charges apply for wifi at Hotel Spero
Are groups allowed there?
Are groups allowed there?
Hi, do you serve alcohol there?
Papito Hayes does accept Apple Pay.
Are there restaurant on site?
Is there a place I can park my car there?
No, you don't need to make an advance reservation for parking here.
No, you don't need to make an advance reservation for parking here.
The Buena Vista Motor Inn does not have meeting or banquet facilities
Various credit cards are accepted as payment. They include American Express, Visa, Mastercard, Discover and Diners Club International.
Check out time is 12:00pm.
Is there any age restriction to check-in at Pacific Heights Inn by Magnuson Worldwide?
What are you looking for in Misssion?
No, J Restaurant is not wheelchair accessible.
Can I pay with cash?
Oasis Inn offers free public parking on site.
I want to see a garden in Bernal Heights.
Can I bring my pet with me?
Can I bring my pet with me?
Can I bring my pet with me?
Can I stay with my pet?
Can I stay with my pet?
Yes, I'd like to know the admission cost for the Exploratorium.
Luggage storage is provided at Club Quarters Hotel.
ok uhhh what what zip code is that
Parking is free at Alexander Bed and Breakfast.
Souvla is good for groups.
Souvla is good for groups.
English, Spanish, and Portuguese are spoken at Bay Bridge Inn San Francisco.
WiFi is free of charge at Hotel Sunrise.
Yes, the restaurant does accept reservations.
Coqueta does offer take-out ordering.
Cryptocurrency is not accepted.
Cryptocurrency is not accepted.
Does Anchor Oyster Bar accept credit cards?
No you may not pick up your order via drive thru at Alexander's Steakhouse.
It costs $19.99 for both kids and adults at Madame Tussauds San Francisco.
What is the check-out time here?
Do I need an appointment first?
Hops & Hominy is good for kids.
Nandos does not have outdoor seating.
No, Pho 2000 does not have happy hour.
Farm : Table does not serve any alcohol.
What forms of payment do you process?
Do you take take out orders?
Is Bursa a good restaurant for kids?
Do you have to reserve parking?
Yes, Daily housekeeping provided
Hey, can you tell me if you accept Apple Pay there?
Does The Monk's Kettle have TV?
The Brenda's French Soul Food have vegetarian friendly options.
Is this good for kids?
Is the GrilledCheezguy wheelchair accessible?
I have nearly 20 selections for you to choose from. Perhaps you'd enjoy staying at Hilton Parc 55 San Francisco Union Square?
Sure, the powell/mason line is at Powell & Market St.
The WiFi is not free.
What is the noise level at Nick's Crispy Tacos?
Outdoor eating is available at Aha Fresh.
GOLDEN WOK does deliver your orders.
Concierge service is available at the Hotel Drisco.
Room service is available at San Francisco Marriott Union Square.
Do you offer free WiFi at this location?
Does there have to be a reservation for parking?
The Monk's Kettle has TV.
I want to go to a zoo in San Francisco
No, Kitchen Instabul is not a good place for kids.
Does your hotel offer room service?
Does your hotel offer room service?
There is no specific dress code at the Belden Place.
No, Information regarding any designated smoking areas. The rooms are non-smoking.
Does InterContinental San Francisco have a swimming pool onsite?
Dry cleaning is available.
Is Tanguito good for my kids?
Guests must be at least 18 years old to check-in at Home From Home.
Saffron 685 does not have outdoor seats.
That sounds great! Do you think that it's a good place also for kids?
Does Tacorea accept Cryptocurrency as a form of payment from customers?
Yes, the front desk is always open.
No, only street parking is available.
No, only street parking is available.
Street parking is available at Rintaro.
No disability access is available at Hobsons House.
Can I bring my dog into New Fortune Restaurant?
The housekeeping service at Hotel Kabuki Hotel is performed on a daily basis.
Chiquito Restaurant Bar does not have halal options.
How is the noise level at Azalina's?
Bernal Heights Park is not wheelchair accessible.
Apple Pay is not accepted at Alamo Square Seafood Grill.
Does the cable car hotel offer dry cleaning?
Dogs aren't allowed at Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen.
Super Pan does not accept Apple Pay.
Do I need parking reservation at Inn San Francisco?
How often is housekeeping provided at the hotel?
Does Midsummer House Restaurant offer live music?
How noisy is it at A La Turca?
Does your restaurant offer credit card for payment?
The Gardenia restaurant does not have halal options.
What times can guests check in at your inn?
The Autumn House does not have a lift.
Is front desk service available for 24 hours?
Is front desk service available for 24 hours?
Is front desk service available for 24 hours?
Is front desk service available for 24 hours?
Is front desk service available for 24 hours?
Is front desk service available for 24 hours?
Is front desk service available for 24 hours?
Is front desk service available for 24 hours?
Yes, Leopold's is good for groups of many sizes.
Meeting and banquet facilities are available at the Axiom Hotel
when is check in time?
Yes, What The Cluck is kid-friendly.
Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen is kid friendly.
Alcohol is not served here.
Alcohol is not served here.
Happy hour is offered.
Yes, one restaurant called Mason House.
There is no charge to use WiFi at Executive Hotel Vintage Court. WiFi is free and accessible in all areas of the property.
Dogs are not allowed at Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine.
How can I pay my bill?
Are groups able to be served there?
No, Woodhouse Fish is not recommended for groups.
Wifi is available at no extra charge.
The ambiance of Presidio Kebab is classy.
Hey do you guys serve alcohol there?
Is Khamsa a suitable restaurant to bring my kids to?
WiFi is available at Signature San Francisco.
Yes, an elevator is available at Desmond Hotel.
Yes, the restaurant offers take-out.
Yes, the restaurant offers take-out.
Does Jake;s Steaks accept credit cards?
Does SAINT JOHNS CHOP HOUSE allow BYOB option to their guests?
Does Dumpling Kitchen offer bike parking?
PIZZA HUT CHERRY HINTON does not have outdoor seats.
Does the pizza express fen ditton serve alcohol?
The check-out time at the Amsterdam Hostel is 10:00AM.
Do you offer gluten free options at Tandoori Palace?
no they do not have delivery service
Great, can you tell me whether Madame Tussauds charges any admission fee?
What is the fee for admission at the San Francisco MoMa?
Free off-street parking is available at Restaurant Alimentum.
Do you have a shuttle from the airport?
Do you have a shuttle from the airport?
Atelier Crenn has a classy, upscale ambience.
Lovel Lodge provides guests with a continental, vegetarian, vegan, glutten-free, full English or Irish buffet, breakfast with no additional fee.
Does Lao Table provide delivery service?
The front desk at the Fitzgerald Hotel Union Square is open 24hours.
Are there any swimming pool available?
Pet are not allowed at the Nob Hill Inn.
The address is 225 San Leandro Way, but I'm sorry, I do not know the zip code.
Children are allowed here.
sure and from what day
Do you require a damage deposit?
No, New Fortune Restaurant does not serve alcohol.
Do you allow families to bring there dogs  to Champa Garden?
The ambience of Seven Hills is intimate and classy.
Staff members at European Hostel speak English.
Can I get vegetarian food there?
The Fly Trap offers take-out ordering.
Does the Boba Guys have free WiFi?
Does Adelaide Hostel in Union Square offer daily housekeeping?
The bakery almost always has a long line of customers, even as early as 8am. Most people go there alone for their favourite dessert but there are few groups too. These people enjoy the pastries and company. So yes, Tartine Bakery & Cafe is good for groups provided they dont mind the waiting.
I'd recommend Pier 33 located at 31 San Francisco Pier 33 on Alcatraz Island.
Does your place accept cryptocurrency?
Legion of Honor does not offer parking.
Are children allowed to check in here?
What do you offer for breakfast?
No, you do not need to make a reservation for the private parking at a location nearby Orchard Garden Hotel.
What could I do with my luggage after I check out?
Lao Table takes reservations.
What sort of atmosphere is at Lao Table?
Yes, 2 restaurant onsite are avaialble at JW Marriott San Francisco Union Square.
Does Super Duper Burgers allow to bring dogs?
No, I do not have a star preference.
how would you describe your ambience
Is there a place outdoors where customers can eat their meal?
Tacos El Patron does accept Google Pay.
Do you have free internet?
Avalon does not have extra beds available.
Google Pay is an acceptable form of payment at Exploratorium.
Is Bite a good place for me to bring my kids?
Can my dog stay at the Green Tortoise Hostel?
How much does it cost to get into Madame Tussauds?
Andrews Hotel does not provide shuttle service.
extra beds are not offered at Hilton San Francisco Union Square
Yes, New Eritrea Restaurant & Bar has TVs in their establishment.
How much will a bike rental cost me if I rent from Bay City Bike Rentals and Tours?
Sumac  does not offer happy hour.
Can my dog stay in the room with me?
uh huh it's four one five six two four thirty five twenty five
Are there any designated smoking areas provided at Yale Hotel?
What can I use to post for my bill?
Do you have a bar there?
Hamilton Lodge does not offer any concierge service.
No, there are no outdoor seats.
No, there are no outdoor seats.
The Four Seasons Hotel San Francisco accepts all major credit cards: American Express, Visa, MasterCard, Diner's Club International, UCB, Discover, and Union Pay.
What is the Check-out time?
Can I bring my dog to your restaurant?
Are there any age restrictions to ride The Flyer?
Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar is good for kids.
Does it offer wifi for guest?
Do you take credit?
Live music is not offered by Saigon City.
What time is checkout time at Hayes Valley Inn?
Does Marnee Thai take reservations?
WiFi is available and free to guests at the Good Hotel.
Smoking is not permitted at this hotel.
What is the availability for high chairs?
Zazie serves beer & wine only.
Does China Beach cost any admission fee to visit?
What are the hours of operation for the Cable Car - Powell/Hyde Line?
Opa cafe has vegan options.
No gluten free options are available
is there a luggage storage service available?
Sure, there are quite a few options. What part of the city were you interested in visiting a place?
ummm we could we could go on a little early uhhh do they have availability monday
The front desk offers baggage storage for guests at Hotel Kabuki, a Joie de Vivre Hotel.
Does Ali Baba offer delivery service?
What is the check in time at Hayes Valley Inn?
Does The Rotunda have TV?
Is there a television there?
Is there a television there?
Is there a television there?
Outdoor seating is not available at Pizza Hut Fen Ditton.
Octavia does not have TV.
Do you offer any safety deposit boxes in your rooms?
Yes, there is outdoor seating at Asian Box.
The Wharf Inn offers a designated smoking area.
Can I pay with Apple Pay?
Can I pay with Apple Pay?
Can I pay with Apple Pay?
No, Boba Guys does not take reservations.
No, Nandos City Centre does not have halal options.
do you know if they deliver
Is it a good place for kids?
Does Hunan Home's Restaurant serve alcohol?
There is public parking nearby at an additional charge.
Yes. Tacko have TV.
Kaiju Eats Ramen and Izakaya serves beer and wine only.
The Harbor Court Hotel provides daily housekeeping services.
Does The Progress allow dogs?
Is Alexander's Steakhouse okay for wheelchairs?
Is outdoor seat available in The Copper Kettle?
Do they have a guest kitchen?
American Express, Visa and MasterCard are accepted by SW Hotel.
Wifi at Americania Hotel is free.
There is no parking at the Ashley Hotel onsite but there is parking close to the hotel. Reservations are not necessary.
No, Kymmoy does not have vegetarian friendly options.
Pets are not allowed at the Civic Center Motor Inn.
Vegetarian option is available at Grubbin'.
Does The Gandhi serve beer or wine?
The frontdesk is not open for 24 hours at the Alpha Inn and Suites.
yeah definitely there's a lake merced park it's located in the lake shore area
El Farolito does not accept Google Pay.
You do not need to make a reservation in advance for parking at Inn at the Opera.
Is there free wifi for customers at Graffiti?
Is there a need for parking at the Bay Bridge?
Do you take reservations for a group of people?
Can I bring my dog to Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge?
hi my name is terrance i'm looking for a restaurant for dinner in hayes valley that's uhhh expensive uhhh and serves bar food can you help me with that
Leopold's does not have a TV.
Can I park my bicycle at Grubbin'?
Dogs are not allowed at Jiangnan Cuisine.
When does that business open?
No, Hilton San Francisco Union Square doesn't provide any shuttle service.
Street parking only at Helmand Palace.
Yes, the rooms at San Francisco Marriott Union Square are heated.
Are kid friendly options available?
Warakubune Sushi is good for kids.
Yes the hotel has concierge services
Noise level at Slice House Haight by Tony Gemignani is Average.
Do you deliver or do take-out?
Rooms are heated at the Orchard Garden Hotel.
Does Uncle Boy's have outdoor seating?
Is there a minimum age for check in?
Yes, this hotel offers baggage storage.
Hey, I was calling to see if you guys take Apple Pay?
Picaro has a casual and classy ambience.
American Express,Visa and Master card options are available for payment method.
High chairs are available for young ones.
I have alot of suitcases, will that be a problem?
Is there a concierge at the hotel
Does Brazen Head have gender neutral bathrooms?
This spot will not accept reservations. Sorry.
Yes, they take reservations.
Yes, they take reservations.
Yes, they take reservations.
Yes, they take reservations.
Yes, they take reservations.
Yes, they take reservations.
Yes, they take reservations.
Yes, they take reservations.
Yes, they take reservations.
Yes, they take reservations.
yes there is a happy hour
The Jasmine Garden accepts credit cards only.
Is daily housekeeping available?
Street parking is available at Souvla.
Hey, can you tell me if you guys take reservations?
Can I park my bike at your restaurant?
Can I park my bike at your restaurant?
Are there extra beds available at the Columbus Inn?
Koja Kitchen does not accept Google Pay.
Ushio Ramen serves beer and wine.
Is this place ok for a big group?
There are vegetarian option available at Manna.
Do you have a pet friendly room?
Do you have a pet friendly room?
Do you have a pet friendly room?
Do you have a pet friendly room?
Do you have a pet friendly room?
Do you have a pet friendly room?
Do you have a pet friendly room?
Do you have a pet friendly room?
Do you have free parking?
Do you have free parking?
Do you have free parking?
Do you have free parking?
Do you have free parking?
Do you have free parking?
Do you have free parking?
Do you have free parking?
Do you have free parking?
Do you have free parking?
Credit cards are accepted at Marnee Thai.
Do you offer take-out orders?
In that case, any with 4 stars?
Do you offer free wifi at your restaurant?
Are there accommodations for conventions?
okay great ummm i'm also uhhh hoping to find a place umm that we can eat in chinatown for pretty cheap can youuhhh suggest some places for some good food there
It is located next to the Golden Gate Bridge.
Yes, Aha Fresh is wheelchair accessible.
The Lucky Star does not have vegetarian friendly options.
Is Sutro's at The Cliff House wheelchair accessible?
Is there outdoor seating at Beit Rima?
hi i'm planning a trip to san francisco and i'd like to go some place that is a landmark
Is there drive through at Nopalito?
Hi, Can you please help me locate a nice place to stay in Union Square?
Is there a TV available at your restaurant?
Can you do a similar search but moderately priced instead of expensive?
The Little Chihuahua does not take reservations.
Am I able to park my bike at Roam Artisan Burgers?
What kind of pay is offered?
Yes, Burma Love offers takeout.
Outdoor seating is available at Waterfront Restaurant.
Is Basa Seafood Express a good option for kids?
No, it does not have a delivery service.
ummm can you can you book a room for tomorrow for one night
Yes, I would like it to be a Art Museum if possible.
I found Dakota Hostel and Hotel is 2 star and is cheap in Union Square
yeah go ahead
Are reservations required at Cinderella Bakery & Cafe?
Does Woodhouse Fish have free WiFi?
I recommend Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Union Square, Handlery Union Square Hotel, Hotel Abri Union Square, Inn at Union Square, a Greystone Hotel and Marines' Memorial Club & Hotel Union Square.
Are there any additional charges for parking or is it free at Nob Hill Motor Inn?
Yes the place does offer vegan food.
Graffiti is vegetarian friendly.
Air-conditioning is provided at the Hotel Vitale.
The is an outdoor seating area at Boudin Bakery & Cafe.
Is street parking available at Pushkin?
the JW Marriott San Francisco Union Square has rooms with disability access
Dogs are not allowed at New Fortune restaurant.
Takeout ordering is not available at Anatolia.
Does the Um Ma Son is good for groups?.
Do they offer takeout orders?
Starbelly is not appointment only.
Is Palace Of Fine Arts wheelchair accessible?
Frascati does not have bike parking.
Sure, how does Dragon Gate sound?
Hi, Can you help me find a place to go in the city?
Yes, I need to book two rooms in Union Square for five nights from Monday. I need a moderately priced, 4 star hotel.
Does Bac Lieu Restaurant offer Happy Hour?
Casual & Classy is the Ambience at Nopalito.
What alcoholic beverages do you serve?
Is your place wheelchair accessible?
Is your place wheelchair accessible?
English, Italian, and Polish are spoken here.
Off-site parking is free near the Ashley Hotel.
Do you provide daily housekeeping?
Do you provide daily housekeeping?
Do you provide daily housekeeping?
The dress code at de Young is casual.
A restaurant and bar are available at Andrews Hotel.
Does Washington Square Inn offer extra bed?
Swan Oyster Depot does not offer vegan friendly dishes.
Breakfast is continental and full English/Irish.
Does La Raza take reservations?
Do you guys offer parking?
Do you guys offer parking?
Does the Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen offer vegan friendly options?
The Cheesecake Factory does take reservations.
Private parking costs US $54 per day and is available at a nearby location at Andrews Hotel.
Would you suggest bringing a group?
Can I park my car at Dumpling Alley?
The Orchard Hotel has facilities for disabled guests.
Yes, the front desk is open 24 hours at HI San Francisco City Center Hostel.
yeah let me see if there is. it doesn't appear to have any bed and breakfast in the presidio area
hi i'm looking for a beach that i can go to in the presidio
Benu does not have happy hour specials.
There are no meeting or banquet facilities at Ashley Hotel.
Yes.Turner's Kitchen offers vegan friendly options.
They serve a buffet style breakfast daily.
Apple Pay is accepted at Golden State Grill.
There are no restaurants or bars on the Inn at Union Square, a Greystone Hotel property.
Does The Lucky Star have live music?
American Express, Visa, MasterCard, and Discover are accepted.
Good Luck Dim Sum does not take reservations.
What type of parking do you offer?
Underdogs Too offers takeout ordering
Does Zen Yai Thai Restaurant have any outdoor seating?
Is Gregangelo Museum wheelchair accessible?
Unfortunately there are no expensive hotels with two stars in Chinatown but the contact information for the Grant Plaza Hotel is as follows: 465 Grant Ave, San Francisco, CA 94108, Phone: (415) 434-3883
The ambiance at The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen is casual and classy.
Does Khamsa offer take-out ordering?
Rooster & Rice does not accept Cryptocurrency.
Rooster & Rice does not accept Cryptocurrency.
Rooster & Rice does not accept Cryptocurrency.
There are several very popular parks in San Francisco. Do you have a specific area you would like me to suggest?
Moderate please and a 3 star rating.
Is there any fee to use WiFi?
Yes, various wines are available.
Is there parking at Khamsa?
The noise level at Cordon Bleu is average.
There is no dry cleaning service offered by A AND B GUEST HOUSE.
The A and B Guest House does not provide breakfast for free.
There are no halal options at Nandos.
The rooms at Aylesbray Lodge Guest House are not accessible.
Languages spoken are english, spanish and chinese.
Is Woodhouse Fish good for groups?
Are pets allowed at Hobsons House?
Does The Little Chihuahua take reservations?
No parking is available at the HI San Francisco Downtown Hostel
The admission is free of charge at Musee Mecanique.
Jasmine Garden does not have outdoor seating.
Does Lime Tree play television in their dining area?
Check-in time at Layne Hotel is at 3:00pm.
Is there any charge for using WiFi at your hotel?
Are guests allowed to bring pets at the White Swan Inn?
The Michaelhouse Cafe does not offer live music.
Is there live music at Pizza Express?
The Slug and Lettuce does not serve alcohol.
They accept credit cards and Apple Pay.
Is there WiFi at Dakota Hostel and Hotel?
American Express, Visa and Mastercard are accepted at this hotel.
J RESTAURANT does not have halal options.
WiFi is free at the Grant Hotel.
Californios does not offer delivery service.
THe Tilden Hotel provides disabled guest facilities.
Will I have internet access?
No, this establishment doesn't.
How do the Balmy Street Murals sound? Are you interested in art?
Yes, the Chubby Noodle restaurant has a happy hour.
ambience of Saru Sushi Bar is Intimate.
There is street parking available at The Nirala.
Yes, you can request extra beds.
Cotto offers free wifi.
Does this site require security deposit?
The noise level is considered average at Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen.
Is your restaurant good for groups?
Is your restaurant good for groups?
Is your restaurant good for groups?
Is your restaurant good for groups?
Hey, is it possible to sit outdoors there?
The rooms at The Fairmont Heritage Place Ghirardelli Square are heated.
No, cryptocurrency is not accepted at Frascati.
Yes, the rooms at Hotel Boheme have air-conditioning.
Free WiFi is available at Petite Auberge.
Do you know the phone number of The Four Seasons Hotel San Francisco?
No, WiFi is unavailable here.
Dogs are not allowed at Pho Huynh Hiep 2 - Kevin's Noodle House.
Is Farm : Table a noisy place?
Wifi is available free of charge.
MaMa Ji's does offer delivery services.
There is no outdoor seating at Kim Son Vietnamese Restaurant.
Is there an elevator
Is smoking allowed at Swan Oyster Depot?
Outdoor seating is available at Park Tavern.
Is it possible to get food delivered from The Progress?
RESTAURANT TWO TWO does not have wheel chair accessibility.
Vegetarian friendly options are available at Pakwan Restaurant.
Do you need to make a reservation to stay at the Phoenix Hotel?
Do you have heat at your hotel?
Yes, the restaurant serves alcohol.
Is there anywhere I can smoke?
Does Tortellino do take out?
Is there any options for vegetarians?
Is delivery possible at Oasis Cafe?
The Besharam website has no mention of outside seating.
what's the address and zip code of that place
Are there designated smoking areas at San Francisco Marriott Union Square?
I have found the Amsterdam Hostel in Union Square. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Can you tell me about the noise level at this location?
10:30 is the check out time.
Can you let me know when Coit Tower opens every day?
Can I get take out from The Gandhi?
Where do I park?
Where do I park?
Yes, Fog Harbor Fish House is wheelchair accessible.
Yes, The Monarch Hotel provides baggage storage service.
yeah let me see if that's listed anywhere all right so it's not specifically saying if they do or if they don't have live music at this location
What is the parking charge?
no they do not have tv
What about Magowan's Infinite Mirror Maze? You can find it at Pier 39.
May I please get your name for the reservation?
Sorry but there is no lift available at Cityroomz.
Would you like more information about either the de Young or the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art?
Can I get an extra bed at Yale Hotel?
I have the Courtyard by Marriott Fishermans Wharf in the Fishermans Wharf area. It is a 3 star. Would you like more infomation?
No, Hamilton Lodge does not provide room service.
I'm afraid there are no parks in Embarcadero. Can I look for a different attraction for you, or for a beach at another location?
Doesn't Tony's Pizza Napoletana take reservation appointments?
Does the Boba Guys have outdoor seating?.
What credit cards are accepted at this location?
Does Limehouse provide luggage storage service?
Is Gregangelo's Velocity Arts & Entertainment good for kids?
No, free guest parking is provided.
The ambience of Saucy Asian is casual and trendy.
The Holiday Inn San Francisco - Golden Gateway offers disability facilities for disabled guests.
Andrews Hotel is moderate in price range.
Yes, Fable takes reservations.
The admission for Saint Mary of the Assumption is free for both adults and children.
I recommend Fog Harbor Fish House. How does that sound to you?
Can I place a take out order?
Can I place a take out order?
can i get the address please
Are there meatless options available?
Does the Meghana offer free wifi?
What are the payment options at Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen?
Parking at the Cova Hotel costs 35 to 45 dollars per night if used by a valet, but otherwise not charged..
Does Alexander Bed and Breakfast provide room service?
The Hard Knox Cafe is good for kids.
Does Cocum serve alcoholic drinks?
Great, could you also let me know what the parking options are at Chinatown?
Rice Boat accepts American Express, Mastercard, and Visa.
I was curious if Swan Oyster Depot offers free WiFi?
ummm can i have the phone number or zip code and zip code for that
Can I get take out from La Mimosa?
Is free WiFi available at The Progress?
Besharam does take reservations.
Is there free WiFi at Bangkok City?
Does The Varsity Restaurant offer delivery service?
Street parking is available at A Desi Cafe.
There are restaurants and bars onsite at the Kensington Park Hotel.
Can you tell me about the ambiance at this restaurant?
Can you tell me about the ambiance at this restaurant?
There are 16 cheap hotels and hostels in Union Square, what type of establishment are you looking for?
Does the GALLERIA offer live music?
Boudin Bakery & Cafe and Pier Market Seafood Restaurant both serve sandwiches and are moderately priced. Do you have a preference?
Yes.Sessions at the Presidio is good for groups.
There is heating in the rooms.
There is heating in the rooms.
Does this company offer any vegetarian options?
Tony's Pizza Napoletana is a solid choice. Would you like to reserve a table or learn more about them?
Do you have any room handicapped accessible?
YH-Beijing serves beer and wine.
Does Sushirrito have bike parking available?
Yes, Cinderella Bakery & Cafe is good for kids.
Credit cards and apple pay are accepted.
Super Duper Burgers doesn't support Apple Pay.
You can park your car on the street or in a private lot at Woodhouse Fish.
Is there anywhere to store my bags at SF Plaza Hotel?
Can I work out at the hotel?
Can I park my bike at Clarion Alley?
Do you offer any sort of room service?
McKinley Square Park Foundation is located at 2301 20th St.
Dogs are not allowed at Oasis Cafe.
Does the Little Gem offer vegan options?
their address is one zero nine zero point lobos avenue
Yes, Fairmont San Francisco has rooms for disability access.
What kind of parking is there at Cable Car - Powell/Mason Line?
No, What The Cluck doesn't offer outdoor seating.
Do you require a security deposit?
Do you require a security deposit?
Do you require a security deposit?
Do you require a security deposit?
Bursa does not have outdoor seats.
Hops & Hominy accepts credit cards.
La Mimosa does not offer live music.
ok thank you and i have another similar request is there ummm places to go in the same area as the hotel
Pizza Hut Fen Ditton does offer parking.
There is a swimming pool.
Is alcohol served at this restaurant?
Does The Slug And Lettuce offer gluten free foods?
Does Bella Trattoria take reservations?
yes, free WiFi is provided in every room
Nopalito does not offer delivery service.
Can I bring my pet to your location?
There is no room for extra beds at this site
I'm sorry, I can't locate a phone number for them.
Rosa's Bed and Breakfast does not offer accessible parking.
Amsterdam Hostel is located in Union Square. Would you like more information?
Kirkwood House does not have any rooms with disability access.
Are there designated smoking areas at Columbus Inn?
Subs does not serve alcohol.
Does the San Francisco Marriott Marquis Union Square have rooms with disability access?
Inn at the Opera does not seem to list any banquet facilities.
What is the dress code at Bistro At The Cliff House?
Is there a lift at Cityroomz?
Can I make a reservation at The Cambridge Chop House?
Do they have a bar there?
Wagamama accepts all major credit cards.
Are there cable cars around there?
Does Americania Hotel have banquet facilities?
You can park at private lot or street at Champa Garden.
I would Mediterranean and in the moderate price range.
Dogs are allowed at Saucy Asian.
No, there is no dress code, casual attire.
Apple Pay is available at Rooster & Rice.
What time us check-in?
Found features air conditioned rooms and this is listed in the General Amenities section
yes there is bike parking
yes there is bike parking
How much is the WiFi at this hotel?
Would I be able to make a reservation?
thank you can you ummm share the reservation number please
What is the check-out time at Luz Hotel?
Parking available at Bulgara.
All hotel rooms have heating.
We take cash, Visa, Master Card and major debit cards.
Does your menu have any gluten free options?
Yes, The Cheesecake Factory has good vegan options.
Yes, Balompie Cafe offers take out ordering for its patrons.
There is no parking at the hotel. Private parking is available at a location nearby. Street parking is available.
Are meeting and banquet facilities available at Hyatt Regency San Francisco?
Does Amarena have outdoor seating?
Is there bike parking that is available?
Is Lao Table wheelchair accessible?
Yes, Saigon Sandwich is good for kids.
Is DragonEats good for kids?
Does City Stop Restaurant have an outdoor seating area?
There is free off-street parking available at Charlie Chan.
What are the available breakfast options for guests?
No, Hot Sauce and Panko does not accept Google Pay.
No, BYOB isn't available at KYMMOY.
What is the noise level at Tacko?
Is Birdsong wheelchair accessible?
Is there free WiFi available at Cool Cravings?
Daily housekeeping is listed.
State Bird Provisions does not have any happy hour specials.
Do you have any sort of laundry service?
Super Duper Burgers has Happy Hour specials.
Can I park my car here?
Can I park my car here?
Is Exploratorium After Dark wheelchair accessible?
FOUND has a 2 star rating.
Yes, Lombard Plaza Motel has a 24-hour front desk.
No, smoking is not allowed at the stations.
It does not appear to have any.
Is there WiFi at Little Seoul?
There is not a lift available at Allenbell.
Jake's Steaks accepts credit cards.
No, you have to apply for a refund and purchase another ticket.
Yes, there is free parking available at the Columbus Inn.
Credit cards, Apple Pay and Google Pay are acceptable forms of payment at Souvla.
Picaro offers vegan friendly menu options.
Is Plaj Scandinavian Restaurant & Bar good for kids?
Hilton San Francisco Union Square have 24 hour front desk availability.
Does Corridor Restaurant offer outdoor seating?
What about Museum Of 3D Illusions?
Morty's Delicatessen is suitable for groups.
Outdoor seating is available at Azalina's.
Pharaohs Mediterranean Sandwiches does not accept Apple Pay.
Does the Hard Knox Cafe have a happy hour?
Does the Lombard Plaza Motel have a storage service?
Bite does not accept Google Pay.
Cotogna offers vegetarian options at their restaurant.
Does the KoJa Kitchen have outdoor seating?.
Free public parking is available at the Aylesbray Lodge Guest House.
Chinatown may interest you then.
There is not a restaurant or bar at Autumn House.
Do you have any Halal options?
I found several hotels in Union Square. Is there a price range you're looking for?
Pets are not allowed.
Pets are not allowed.
Pets are not allowed.
Pets are not allowed.
Pets are not allowed.
Pets are not allowed.
Pets are not allowed.
Pets are not allowed.
Pets are not allowed.
Pets are not allowed.
Pets are not allowed.
Pets are not allowed.
Pets are not allowed.
Pets are not allowed.
Pets are not allowed.
Pets are not allowed.
Pets are not allowed.
Pets are not allowed.
Can you please find a hostel anywhere in the city for me?
Hey, do you guys offer any takeout options?
There is additional charge for dry cleaning service provided at Hyatt Regency San Francisco.
No, dogs are not allowed at Fog Harbor Fish House.
Helmand Palace does accept credit card payments.
Is there bike parking available at Madame Tussauds San Francisco?
Drive thur is not offered.
Saffron 685 does not offer gluten free options.
There is not a designated smoking area.
Is free Wifi available at your location?
Rooster & Rice accepts credit cards.
Rooster & Rice accepts credit cards.
Average noise level at Little Gem.
Do I need to make a reservation first before I can park there?
Bike parking is not available at SAJJ Mediterranean.
Does this site have designated smoking area?
Does this site have designated smoking area?
Does this site have designated smoking area?
Does this site have designated smoking area?
Does this site have designated smoking area?
Does this site have designated smoking area?
Does this site have designated smoking area?
Does this site have designated smoking area?
Does this site have designated smoking area?
Does this site have designated smoking area?
Does this site have designated smoking area?
Does this site have designated smoking area?
Does this site have designated smoking area?
Does this site have designated smoking area?
Does this site have designated smoking area?
Does this site have designated smoking area?
Does this site have designated smoking area?
Does this site have designated smoking area?
Does this site have designated smoking area?
Does this site have designated smoking area?
Does this site have designated smoking area?
Does this site have designated smoking area?
Does this site have designated smoking area?
Does this site have designated smoking area?
Does this site have designated smoking area?
Does this site have designated smoking area?
The ambience of Bursa is casual and classy.
Does Liholiho Yacht Club offer dog sitting?
Is there a luggage storage service at Warkworth House?
Is there a gym at your location?
Does Souvla accept Google Pay?
Does Souvla accept Google Pay?
There is free parking available.
There is free parking available.
Does Rice House offer alcohol?
Carolina Bed and Breakfast does not offer any luggage storage service.
Do your rooms have disability access?
Which cards do you take?
Which cards do you take?
This hotel does not offer extra beds.
Does Bella Trattoria have wheelchair access?
Can I park my car there?
Can I get a high chair for my toddler?
KoJa Kitchen currently accepts credit cards and PayPal.
Are there restrooms at Baker Beach?
Great, what's the name of the beach in 94109?
There is a restaurant and a bar at the Cambridge Belfry.
Does Winsor Hotel provide any concierge service?
Are pets allowed at your location?
The menu at Meghna does not offer gluten free options.
What is your pet policy?
What is your pet policy?
My recommendation is McKinley Square Park, which is on 20th Street in Potrero Hill. Is that acceptable to you?
Birdsong is not appropriate for groups.
Yes, Alpha Inn and Suites has free accessible parking.
Visa, MasterCard, Maestro, Sold, and Switch are accepted as payment methods here.
How is the ambience at Aliment?
I just need the zip code.
No, they are a smoke-free hotel.
Would I be able to sit outside at your facility?
Yes, the rooms here are air-conditioned.
Are they a 5-star Hotel? I'm trying to find a 5-star hotel.
Does La Margherita have high chairs for babies to sit in?
Does Crepes On Cole take Apple Pay?
Does Pushkin take Google Pay?
Hi, I'm looking for an art museum in San Francisco.
There is no outdoor seating.
There is no outdoor seating.
There is no outdoor seating.
There is no outdoor seating.
There is no outdoor seating.
There is no outdoor seating.
There is no outdoor seating.
There is no outdoor seating.
Tuba Authentic Turkish Restaurant accepts credit cards.
Luggage storage is available.
How is the noise level at the Loving Hut?
Pakwan Restaurant does not serve alcohol.
My Tofu House is not taking any reservations.
Is there parking available at Fort Point?
Avalon does not have lift.
MasterCard, Visa, and digital payments are available here.
Is there any outdoor seating area at Sutro's at The Cliff House?
What is the ambiance at Mars Bar & Restaurant?
There is not free Wifi at Anatolia.
Days Inn by Wyndham San Francisco Downtown/Civic Cntr Area does provide shuttle service.
Yes, I need a 3-star place to stay in Nob Hill, San Francisco. Also looking for an art museum in the area.
Yes, Azalina's is good for groups.
The Snug is not good for kids.
The Argonaut Hotel has a 4 star rating. Would you like to make a reservation?
Can I get my wheelchair to one of your table without trouble?
How noisy is it?
Is cryptocurrency accepted?
Is cryptocurrency accepted?
Is cryptocurrency accepted?
Does City Centre North B and B provide daily housekeeping service?
Are children permitted to stay at the Warkworth House?
Does Pho Huynh Hiep 2 - Kevin's Noodle House offer free WiFi?
No outdoor seating available at Aria Korean Street Food.
What payment methods are accepted at MaMa Ji's?
English is spoken at Petite Auberge.
Is room service offered at your hotel?
The Kimpton Buchanan Hotel WiFi is USD 12.99 per day.
The Pawn Shop does not take reservations.
I would be happy to do that for you. Are you dining alone or with others?
Is there breakfast available for guests?
Is there a luggage storing service available?
I'm trying to find a moderately priced, 2 star hotel in Chinatown.
Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar is perfect for group-like customers.
Newkirk's does not accept Apple Pay.
Can I order take-out there?
Yes. Jiangnan Cuisine accept Google Pay.
Cambridge Lodge Restaurant does not serve alcohol.
How would you describe the atmosphere?
How would you describe the atmosphere?
How would you describe the atmosphere?
How would you describe the atmosphere?
How would you describe the atmosphere?
How would you describe the atmosphere?
How would you describe the atmosphere?
How would you describe the atmosphere?
Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge does have a lift.
The Bistro At The Cliff House is good for groups
Saru Sushi Bar does not offer takeout.
Is there a certain area to park my car?
yes they do
A security deposit of 50 GBP per night is required at Avalon.
You don't need to make a reservation in advance for parking.
What is available for multiple suitcases?
What are parking options?
Blind Butcher dress code is casual.
Does Grubbin' offer delivery service?
Apple Pay is not accepted at A Desi Cafe.
They do not allow pets at all.
What type of parking does FRANKIE AND BENNYS have?
The Acorn Guest House does not have a fitness center or gym onsite.
you know what looking at the museum website it does not appear that they allow dogs i'm sorry
Yes, Cable Car Hotel has an elevator.
ALI BABA does not have halal options.
The age restriction to check-in at UNIVERSITY ARMS HOTEL is at least 18 years old.
No, there is no bike parking at Fort Point.
Deccan Spice does offer take-out ordering.
Yes, Sushirrito offers takeout.
Is there a TV at Thai House Express?
Subpar Miniature Golf opens at 11 AM Monday to Thursday and 10 AM Friday to Sunday. It clsoes at 10 PM everyday.
Nojo Ramen Tavern serves beer and wine.
Are there any meeting or banquet facilities available?
Are there any meeting or banquet facilities available?
No, this property is smoke free.
Yes, Petite Auberge offers baggage storage.
Yes, I would like to visit a landmark attraction in the Marina/Cow Hollow area. Can you help me find one please?
Does the YIPPEE NOODLE BAR have outdoor seating?.
Do you have a bar and restaurant?
We have free self parking, free nearby parking and limited parking spaces.
The Tacorea does offer street parking.
Is there parking available for cars at Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Downtown/Van Ness Ave.?
Does Cuisine Nepal offer vegan friendly options?
Will I be able to request additional beds there?
Vegetarian options are available at Sushirrito.
Yes, India House takes reservations in advance.
Where is the best street parking?
ok uhhh do you know can you get me their address
Do you allow pets at the guest house?
Is there a bar at the King George?
Yes, front desk is open for 24 hours at Club Donatello.
Rooms at Club Donatello are air-conditioned.
Do you have options for a gluten free diet?
What age is required for check-in?
Yes,  Bac Lieu Restaurant offers free Wi-Fi.
No, there are no halal options available.
Is there free WiFi at Charlie Chan?
Anchor Oyster Bar does not accept Google Pay.
Tselogs has TV.
cool all right ummm i'll be uhhh bike commuting while i'm in the area did is there a place i can uhhh park my bike there
AUTUMN HOUSE does not have room service available.
Nob Hill Inn has a front desk that is open 24 hours a day.
Is there laundry on site?
Jin Mi Korean Cuisine has a casual ambience.
Yes, take out is offered.
Good Luck Dim Sum is good for kids.
What types of credit cards do you all take?
What types of credit cards do you all take?
Does the hotel have a swimming pool?
Can you tell me the bike parking details for the Hyde Line cable cars?
Is there any kitchen available for guests at Courtyard by Marriott Fishermans Wharf?
No, Dragon Gate does not have bike parking.
The Halal Guys does not offer happy hour.
sure let me see what i can find for you ok so there are a variety of options one that's very popular is called hotel zelos san francisco is that something you might be interested in
What parking is offered?
Does the MICHAELHOUSE CAFE have live music?
Check-in time begins at 3:00 PM at Presidio Parkway Inn.
The noise level is loud at Aziza.
Is there a restaurant?
The rooms in the Civic Center Inn are heated.
The zip code for Magowan's Infinite Mirror Maze is 94133.
Does Saru Sushi Bar have any parking available?
When is the check out time?
When is the check out time?
When is the check out time?
When is the check out time?
When is the check out time?
When is the check out time?
When is the check out time?
When is the check out time?
When is the check out time?
When is the check out time?
When is the check out time?
When is the check out time?
When is the check out time?
When is the check out time?
When is the check out time?
When is the check out time?
When is the check out time?
When is the check out time?
When is the check out time?
When is the check out time?
When is the check out time?
When is the check out time?
When is the check out time?
What time may I check into your Hostel?
The rooms are heated.
The rooms are heated.
The rooms are heated.
Pizza Express Fen Ditton does not have halal options.
Rooms at Kimpton Sir Francis Drake Hotel are heated.
No. Warakubune Sushi does not offer free WiFi.
Are the rooms at Hotel Zelos San Francisco heated?
Is there an area for luggage storage?
is delivery service available?
Are there extra beds available at Finches Bed and Breakfast?
Stazione has vegetarian and vegan options.
Pets are not allowed at the University Arms Hotel.
Pets are not allowed at the University Arms Hotel.
Does Courtyard by Marriott Fisherman's Wharf offer Concierge service?
Bac Lieu Restaurant accepts credit cards.
Does Shish Ke Baba accept Apple Pay?
Does Shish Ke Baba accept Apple Pay?
Does Nob Hill Cafe have free WiFi?
Is there a coffee or tea maker available for guests?
No, CatHead's BBQ does not offer free WiFi.
Does Proposition Chicken have WiFi?
Does The Progress offer happy hour?
Tacos El Patron does not offer free WiFi.
What languages do the staff speak at your hotel?
True Laurel is good for groups.
Can you let me know if Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant is wheelchair accessible?
Does KYMMOY offer live music?
Yes, Ushio Ramen offers delivery service.
Are gluten free options offered there?
Yes. The Fly Trap serve alcohol.
Are the rooms at A and B Guest House accessible to those with disabilities?
This property is smoke-free.
This property is smoke-free.
Is there outdoor seating at Fayala?
The languages spoken at The Lensfield Hotel are; German, Greek, English, Spanish, French, Hungarian, Italian, Latvian, Polish, and Russian.
What days and times is SF Citadel open?
The Suites at Fisherman's Wharf does not offer meeting or banquet facilities.
Is there parking at Hotel Drisco?
I want to go to a museum in Union Square
No, it does not take reservations.
No, it does not take reservations.
No, it does not take reservations.
No, it does not take reservations.
No, it does not take reservations.
No, Uno Dos Tacos doesn't offer drive-thru pickup.
What are the business hours for the Randall Museum?
How is the atmosphere there?
Nopa  not offering take-out ordering.
Is there parking close by?
Is there a breakfast included?
What payment options are at Rooster & Rice?
Does The Hotpot take credit cards?
The Axiom Hotel matches your search criteria and the address and phone number is as follows: 28 Cyril Magnin Street, San Francisco, CA 94102, (415) 392-9466.
Is New Dumpling King a quiet restaurant?
Is there any kitchen available for guests at Alpha Inn and Suites?
Yes, Bangkok City takes to-go orders.
Petite Auberge has accessible parking that you have to pay for.
Do I have to make an appointment to go to Nopa?
What credit cards are accepted at The Suites at Fisherman's Wharf?
Yes, it is good for groups.
Yes, it is good for groups.
Yes, it is good for groups.
Yes, it is good for groups.
Yes, it is good for groups.
Is Street parking available at Hard Knox Cafe?
Craftsman and Wolves is perfect for groups.
Do I need to make a reservation for private parking?
Yes, Truly Mediterranean offers takeout.
Arizmendi Bakery accepts credit cards and apple pay.
so i'm not seeing that listed here on their page
Jinling Noodle Bar is not accessible by wheelchair.
Are there any designated smoking areas at the Lensfield Hotel?
At DragonEats, street parking is available.
There is a restaurant onsite that offers both a la carte and buffet items for breakfast.
No, Apple Pay is not accepted here.
No, Apple Pay is not accepted here.
Hey can you tell me if you guys offer outdoor seating options?
This facility does not offer live music.
Do you have parking available?
Do you have parking available?
Do you have parking available?
Do you have parking available?
Do you have parking available?
Bike parking is available at Plain Jane.
Is it allowed to smoke in your hotel?
Outdoor seating is not available at Dumpling Kitchen.
sure let me go and look that . all right so it is available so i can go ahead and book you two seperate rooms for this coming tuesday for three nights
What is the noise level at Khamsa?
Ramenwell serves beer and wine.
Does Panahar offer delivery?
Does Han II Kwan have a television?
Yes, Balmy Street Murals is good for kids.
ok sure let me go and see what i can pull up for you ok unfortunately nothing is showing up with all of those specifications is there something that i can change
The noise level is average at Super Duper Burgers.
Parking is free at Carolina Bed and Breakfast.
Do you have outdoor seating at Perilla?
BYOB is not available at Bangkok City.
Is BYOB an option there?
It costs $39.90 for adults and $24.40 for kids.
Can I use Apple Pay for my bill at The Bird?
all right let me go ahead and see if either of them do. all right so neither of them specifically says if they have live music performances but they both have an average noise level and outdoor seating as well
Can you tell me about parking at your location?
Would you like to stay at the Andrews Hotel? It meets your criteria.
Does your hotel have a bar and restaurant?
Are there TV's at Beit Rima?
You cannot ask for extra beds at Cornell Hotel de France.
The Souvla does allow parking for bikes.
Is there any age restriction to check-in at the hotel?
Super Duper Burgers does offer vegan friendly options.
hi ummm i can you please find a greek restaurant in mission terrace that has a moderate price range
Are there any fitness center or gym?
Are there any fitness center or gym?
Do you accept cryptocurrency?
Do you accept cryptocurrency?
Do you accept cryptocurrency?
Do you accept cryptocurrency?
Does Presidio Parkway Inn offer daily housekeeping?
what vegetarian options are available at DragonEats?
Is Khamsa wheelchair accessible?
They are both in the moderate price actually. What else may I help you with?
Yes, San Francisco City Hall offers free WiFi.
Do you offer take out?
Do you offer take out?
Do you offer take out?
Do you offer take out?
Do you offer take out?
Do you offer take out?
Do you offer take out?
Do you offer take out?
Do you offer take out?
Do you offer take out?
Do you offer take out?
Do you offer take out?
Do you offer take out?
Do you offer take out?
Carriage Inn is a smoke-free property with no designated areas for smoking.
A coffee/tea maker is only available for guests.
Happy hour is not supported at Plain Jane.
Yes, this hotel is wheelchair accessible.
Anchor Oyster Bar does not have TV.
Pho Huynh Hiep 2 - Kevin's Noodle House offers take-out ordering
City Centre North B&B does not offer safety deposit boxes.
No, there's no happy hour here as they do not serve alcohol.
Any handicapped rooms?
Tilden Hotel does not offer extra beds.
Can I use my Google Pay account there?
The fare of the cable car is $8 for both adults and kids.
Is there a free shuttle service?
Concierge service is not provided at Allenbell.
Do you serve alcohol at your restaurant?
Do you have WiFi in the rooms?
Atelier Crenn does not accept Apple Pay.
Tandoori Palace serves alcohol.
Is Bellota wheelchair accessible?
The Ganhdi does not offer high chairs for babies.
Shalimar does have bike parking.
Do you have any smoking areas?
Yes, Prezzo takes reservations.
Does SF Honey Pig Korean BBQ have a place outside that I can sit with my friends?
Do you allow patrons to BYOB?
Grubbin' accept cash,credit cards,Google Pay, and Apple pay.a
No, dogs aren't allowed at Hogwash.
The hotel has accessible parking spaces.
Parking is only available at Street for Super Duper Burgers' customers.
Parking is only available at Street for Super Duper Burgers' customers.
Is My Tofu House good for kids?
there is no drive thru
Do you have an onsite bar and coffee shop.
Can I park my bike at Golden Gate Bridge?
Yes Free WiFi is available.
A fitness center is located on site at Hotel Riu Plaza Fisherman's Wharf.
The Club Quarters Hotel accepts charge or cash
The check-out time at the Green Tortoise Hostel is 11:00am.
The Clift Royal Sonesta San Francisco offers meeting and banquet facilities.
Can I bring in my dog?
Golden House does not serve alcohol.
Am I allowed to get an order to go?
Is there a fee for the parking at Avalon?
What time can I check in to the Hotel Griffon?
parking for bikes provided
The check out time at Autumn House is between 8:00 am and 10:30 am.
Is the front desk always open?
Vegan meals are available at Subs.
Does Stix have any television services?
Is there a specific dress code at Plain Jane?
Where can I park nearby?
There are no safety deposit boxes provided here.
Glaze Teriyaki does not accept Apple Pay.
Do you offer take out food at La Margherita?
Is this restaurant sit-down only or can I get food to go?
Yes, Batteries to Bluffs Trail offers bike parking.
There is a public parking lot nearby at a cost of $36.48 daily.
Lovejoy's Tea Room has a classy ambience.
How much does the WiFi cost?
Is there a fee for having pets?
Six different credit and debit cards are available as payment methods at the Hamptom Inn San Francisco Downtown/Convention Center.
The front desk at Cityroomz is not open for 24 hours.
Lao table does not have high chairs available.
Yes Kim Son Vietnamese Restaurant serves beer & wine.
Is there a washer and dryer there?
Rooster & Rice accepts Credit Cards and Apple Pay.
No, Kin Khao doesn't offer delivery.
The Anchor Oyster Bar does not have free WiFi.
Yes, only adult's 18 and older are welcome to check in.
What type of credit cards does the hotel accept?
A restaurant is available but a bar is not.
They accept Mastercard and Visa.
Do you offer beer only?
The Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf has luggage storage service available
Shalimar offers take-out ordering.
Can I make reservation at The Hotpot?
How can I pay my bill after my stay?
Apple Pay is not accepted at La Taqueria.
Lovell Lodge does not have any rooms with disability access.
Does Uncle Boy's deliver?
Is there bike parking at your establishment?
Yes, Lucky Pig has happy hour specials.
Yes, Tselogs is good for groups.
Do you have a restaurant with extended hours?
Do you have a drive thru at your restuarant?
Yes, vegetarian options are available at Hops & Hominy.
What are the payment options at The Halal Guys?
Lucky Pig does not accept Cryptocurrency.
There is no fee to park at the Admiral Hotel.
Kymmoy does not offer any halal options.
A continental breakfast is offered at Limehouse with no charge.
All rooms at this hotel are heated.
Do you accept credit or debit cards?
They do not take parking reservations.
Do you guys have parking available?
Dry cleaning service is not listed, but they do have laundry for an additional charge.
Does Atelier Creen have vegan options?
Do you have access for haldicapped customers?
They only accept credit cards.
Do you provide accessible parking at your property?
Yes, there is an outdoor seating area.
Is there parking at The Italian Homemade Company?
Bike parking is not available at A La Turca Restaurant.
Yes, the Ram's Hotel offers its guests heated rooms.
Yes the Fairmont does provide concierge.
Is there a bar available that serves alcohol at your location?
Yes, The Clift Royal Sonesta San Francisco has a fitness center onsite.
Does Outerlands have free WiFi?
We accept American Express, Mastercard, Visa, Maestro, and Sold.
Pets are not allowed at Pacific Heights Inn.
The ambience of Rooster & Rice is casual.
Is there alcohol at The Front Porch?
Are there meeting and banquet rooms?
all right i'm able to pull up one location and it's called the san francisco zoo
The noise level at Hunan Home's Restaurant is average.
What are your restaurants and bars at Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf?
Plaj Scandinavian Restaurant & Bar offers only at Valet & Street.
No dogs are allowed at Tony's Pizza Napoletana.
What languages are spoken at the hotel?
What languages are spoken at the hotel?
What languages are spoken at the hotel?
What languages are spoken at the hotel?
What languages are spoken at the hotel?
What languages are spoken at the hotel?
What languages are spoken at the hotel?
What languages are spoken at the hotel?
The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway doesn't offer outdoor seats.
Do you know if they offer baggage storage for guests?
I'd recommend the Golden Gate Bridge Welcome Center located at the Golden Gate Bridge.
Allenbell does not provide a daily housekeeping service.
Is there free WiFi at The HotPot?
Is the Troya good for the groups?
Is cryptocurrency accepted at Exploratorium After Dark?
Apple Pay is accepted at Dumpling Kitchen.
Does Twin Peaks Hotel have heated rooms?
Does Club Donatello have an on-site restaurant and bar?
Apple Pay is accepted at KoJa Kitchen.
Palace Of Fine Arts is wheelchair accessible.
The address for Alamo Square is Steiner St Hayes St.
A 50% non-refundable deposit is required.
Han Il Kwan offers delivery service.
Travellers Rest has gluten free options.
How early can you check in at this location?
Free WiFi is available at Jiangnan Cuisine.
There is no specific dress code at Brazen Head and the usual attire is casual.
You need no reservation for parking.
I'm going to have a lot of baggage with me, do they offer baggage storage?
Does De Luca Cucina and Bar accept reservations?
Are there any option for vegetarians?
Is there free WiFi at Stem Kitchen & Garden?
How is the ambience at Sam Wo Restaurant?
Yes, the front desk is open 24 hours a day.
Does Jiangnan Cuisine have outdoor seating
there is a park listed in union square yes
Dry cleaning service is provided at an additional charge.
what is the ambience at Nob Hill Cafe?
The View Lounge does not accept Cryptocurrency.
No dry cleaning service is available, but laundry service is available for an additional charge at HI San Francisco Downtown Hostel.
Motel 6 San Francisco Downtown allows check-in from 3.00 PM.
Ambience is noted to be Casual and Classy
The Cinderella Bakery & Cafe does offer outdoor seating.
No, there are no gluten free options offered at Sitar Tandoori.
Are there any meeting or banquet facilities at the Lensfield Hotel?
No, this property does not offer cots or extra beds.
What is the check in time for the Hilton San Francisco Financial District?
Fable does not offer free WiFi.
One cannot ask for another bed at Home From Home.
Check in time is 3:00 pm (15:00).
The Hyatt Centric Fisherman's Wharf San Francisco has dry cleaning services available
Hotel Del Sol, a Joie de Vivre Hotel is a smoke free property
did you need help with anything else
How is the ambiance of Chubby Noodle?
Can I bring my dog to Truly Mediterranean?
Do you offer onsite parking?
Hunan Home's Restaurant serves beer and wine only.
Perilla does not have TV.
What time can I check in at Ashley Hotel?
WIFI IS FREE AT AMSTERDAM HOSTEL.
Wifi is free at Adelaide Hostel.
Under the house rules check in time is at 3pm
What kind of alcohol beverages do you sell?
Is Kim Son Vietnamese Restaurant appropriate for children?
Take-Out ordering is offered at Pier Market Seafood Restaurant.
Is there take-out at Jasmine Garden?
Do you have vegetarian friendly options?
Do you have vegetarian friendly options?
Do you have vegetarian friendly options?
Do you have vegetarian friendly options?
Does Turner's Kitchen have outdoor seats?
Are there vegan friendly options at La Mediterranee?
Brenda's French Soul Food does not allow dogs.
There is the Sam Wo Restaurant. Would you like to make a reservation?
Reservations are not taken at Royal Spice.
Does the Kirkwood have in room safety deposit boxes?
Unfortunately, this restaurant does not have WiFi.
No, can you check and see if there is anything at all to do with art there though?
At Hotel Bijou, the Queen Room has disability access.
Yes, the Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Downtown does have rooms with disability access.
No, Papito Hayes doesn't offer happy hour.
What is the check-out time at this hotel?
Does Anchor Oyster Bar have high chairs?
What does wifi cost?
Grubbin has street parking.
The Slug and Lettuce does not have halal options.
Yes, Benu is good for groups.
What is the ambience of Thai House Express?
What type of attire is worn there?
Can I find parking for my bike?
Can I get another bed at this location?
Howdy, can you tell me what the noise level is usually like at The Ramp?
Is there temperature control in the rooms?
do you have a happy hour
do you have a happy hour
Yes, Rice Boat has gluten-free options.
Is there alcohol served at Tandoori Palace?
No, La Tasca does not have provision for outdoor seating.
Do you offer any outdoor seating?
Can I bring my dog to Nourish Cafe?
Hey, what kind of payment options do you guys accept?
Burmese Kitchen is good for groups.
Are the rooms at Comfort Inn By the Bay Hotel San Francisco heated?
Yes, this establishment offers happy hour specials.
Yes, room service is provided.
Super Duper Burgers accepts credit cards.
Does the Bite have TV?
Rooms at Holiday Inn San Francisco-Golden Gateway are air conditioned.
I can help you with that. What kind of attraction are you looking for?
TV is not available at Taboun.
The payment options at The Cheesecake Factory are cash or credit.
Leverton House does not offer a designated smoking area.
The noise level at DragonEats is average.
Does the Tasty Pot have outdoor seating?
Yes, there is takeout.
ambience of Sushirrito is  Casual, Classy
Do you have an outdoor patio?
Do you have an outdoor patio?
Arabic, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Mongolian, Thai, Filipino, Chinese are spoken at Good Hotel.
Kitchen Istanbul has vegan friendly options.
There is no parking available at Jackson Court.
Yes, Meeting/Banquet Facilities available with additional charges.
Royal Spice does not offer outdoor seating.
Do you offer vegan and vegetarian options?
What forms of payment do you take?
What forms of payment do you take?
What forms of payment do you take?
you know i'm not finding that either place is wheelchair access accessible
There is a fitness center onsite at The Ritz-Carlton, San Francisco.
No, parking is not availble at this hotel.
Can I pay for my meal with crypto?
Does the hotel offer internet access?
Is there a restaurant or bar available onsite at CITYROOMZ?
What is the noise level at Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine?
What is the noise level at Bizza?
Is there take-out available?
Are there any kitchen service at the site?
Do you have a section for smoking?
No, Mars Bar & Restaurant is not kid-friendly.
No, there is no bike parking allowed at Yoda Fountain at Lucasfilm.
Galleria Park, a Joie Vivre Hotel does not offer extra beds.
Is the hotel smoke free?
Pica Pica Arepa Kitchen has vegetarian options
What breakfast options are available at Winsor Hotel?
No outdoor seating is available at The Italian Homemade Company.
Will you tell me the address of the Argonaut Hotel?
Does Kimpton Sir Francis Drake Hotel have rooms with disability access?
American express, visa, master card, and discovery are accepted at Club Donatello.
Is there a fee for the on-site private parking at the City Centre North B and B?
The Pacific Cafe serves alcohol, but only beer and wine.
There is only a coffee/tea maker available for guests at the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel.
Alcohol is not served at Falafelland.
Are groups allowed here?
Hinodeya Ramen Bar serves wine and beer.
American Express, Visa, and MasterCard are accepted forms of payment by Minna Hotel.
Is there an onsite restaurant or bar at Home from Home?
Does Argonaut Hotel have a lift?
Can I use Cryptocurrency at Uncle Boy's?
This hotel accepts American Express, VISA and MasterCard.
Alpha-Milton does not provide dry cleaning services.
Does this hotel have kitchens available for guests in the rooms?
No, the museum does not accept Apple Pay.
ok let's see if that's available all right it is available so i can book two rooms for you for tomorrow for one night
sounds good, do they have any age restriction to stay or check-in?
Can I order takeout from Old Jerusalem Restaurant?
Do you have any laundry or iron facilities?
This hotel offers an onsite bar and coffee shop.
There are alcoholic drinks available at Riverside Brasserie.
Warakubune Sushi accepts credit cards.
Is there somewhere I can store extra belongings outside of the room?
La Margherita does offer take-out ordering.
Is parking available at Outerlands?
Is Tony's Pizza Napoletana wheelchair accessible?
Good evening, I was just calling to see if you guys charge for delivery?
Is there an extra fees at the Europa Hotel?
Lao Table accepts Google Pay as a payment method.
What is the charge for internet?
Is this restaurant kid-friendly?
Does Rusty's Southern have outdoor seating?
Does Deccan Spice offer vegan options?
The attire is casual at La Mediterranee.
Parking is free.
Taboun has average noise level.
Does the front desk open for 24 hours at Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge?
Do you offer happy hour specials?
I want to see a landmark in Presidio.
ok do you know if i can bring my dog
What parking options does the hotel du vin and bistro offer?
This facility provides valet parking as well as street parking.
Home from Home offers free private parking.
I have several options. Would you prefer a rental at Embarcadero, Fisherman's Wharf, or The Haight?
Are there any gluten free options at this restaurant?
Does the hotel have a restaurant?
How long is the front desk at your hotel open until?
Yes, Buena Vista Motor Inn offers luggage storage.
How much is the admission at San Francisco Zoo?
When does the check-in time begin at Presidio Parkway Inn?
Hi, can I make a reservation?
Does your menu include gluten free items?
English and Spanish are spoken at the Andrews Hotel.
What is the ambience at B on the Go?
The check-out time at San Francisco Marriott Fisherman's Wharf is 12:00PM.
Zazie accepts payment via credit cards only
Unfortunately, no, Perilla does not accept cryptocurrency.
Halal options are not offered at Saint Johns Chop House.
Is there a cost for parking at the Chelsea Inn?
What is the ambience at Champa Garden?
Curry Garden does not serve alcohol.
Is Frisco Fried kid friendly?
Can children stay at the hotel?
Yes, it offers take-out.
Aha Fresh does not have a drive thru.
What are the hours for the front desk at Travelodge by Wyndham SF?
What parking does Azalina's offer?
Mount Davidson Park meets your criteria. Would you like to learn more?
What is the ambience like at CatHead's BBQ?
Yes, room service is available at the San Francisco Marriott Fisherman's Wharf.
Is there outdoor seating at Kim Son Vietnamese Restaurant?
Can I get a concierge service when I arrive?
Yes, Uno Dos Tacos offers vegan options.
Parking costs $79.80 per day at the Hilton Parc 55 San Francisco Union Square.
Street parking is available at the restaurant.
Street parking is available at the restaurant.
Street parking is available at the restaurant.
Street parking is available at the restaurant.
Street parking is available at the restaurant.
No Rosa's Bed and Breakfast doesn't provide any luggage storage service.
Although there is at least one flat-screen mounted on a wall at Ramenwell, they do not offer television as part of their service.
What payment options are accepted at Plaj Scandinavian Restaurant & Bar?
Is Musee Mecanique good for kids?
Does The Willows Inn have any room with disability access?
Yes, Shanghai Family Restaurant has vegetarian friendly options.
The ambience at B on the Go is casual.
Does the hotel accept pets?
I was wondering if you have accessible parking there.
I think Grant Plaza Hotel would be perfect for you, would you like more information?
Can I have the phone number for the 7D Experience?
Do you take reservations there?
Do you take reservations there?
Is Crepes On Cole wheelchair accessible?
Do you have any health services like a Gym on site?
Is Restaurant Alimentum ADA compliant with wheelchair accessibility?
Does Nob Hill Cafe offer outdoor seating?
Rusty's Southern does take reservations.
The Progress restaurant is not good for kids.
There are six four-star hotels in Fisherman's Wharf; the Argonaut Hotel, the Hotel Riu Plaza, Hotel Zephyr, Hotel Zoe, the Hyatt Centric, and the San Francisco Marriott. What other information would you like to hear about them?
Liholiho Yacht Club does not have bike parking.
Does Stix offer outdoor seating?
I was wondering if you accept Apple Pay at your establishment?
Yes, daily housekeeping is provided.
Yes, daily housekeeping is provided.
Yes, daily housekeeping is provided.
No, Seward Street Slides does not offer bike parking.
There are facilities for disabled guests.
There are facilities for disabled guests.
Does Newkirk's offer delivery?
bike parking not permitted
The Admiral Hotel does not have meeting or banquet facilities
Is smoking allowed at this Lodge?
Does The Halal Guys offer take-out?
looking for something in the moderate price range.
Does the Courtyard by Marriott Fishermans Wharf have a fitness center onsite?
Does the Arbury Lodge Guesthouse have any rooms disability access?
Yale Hotel does not have a fitness center or gym onsite for guest.
Charlie Chan does not offer delivery service.
There are no outdoor seats.
There are no outdoor seats.
Jin Mi Korean Cuisine does have bike parking.
The San Francisco City Hall accepts credit cards.
No, you don't need a reservation for parking.
dry cleaning is available at The Ritz-Carlton, San Francisco
Does that hotel have an elevator for guest?
Does Deccan Spice accept Google Pay?
Byob is not possible at Curry King.
Can I get in with a wheelchair?
Are dogs allowed at Pizzeria Delfina - Pacific Heights?
Can I park my bike at The Snug?
The Rusty's Southern offers street parking next to the restaurant.
Can I ride The Flyer - San Francisco if I suffer from motion sickness?
Only street parking is available at Warkworth house.
What price range are you looking at for this hotel booking?
Does Don Pasquale Pizzeria have halal options?
Saigon City is not wifi accessible.
Does Hotel Zelos San Francisco offer concierge services?
HOME FROM HOME has no onsite restaurant or bar.
Are children allowed to stay at the Hamilton Lodge?
What is the ambience at Flour + Water Pizzeria?
Can I get to and from the airport via shuttle?
What are the payment options at Seven Hills?
Do you allow guests to BYOB?
Do you allow guests to BYOB?
The noise level at Hard Knox Cafe is average.
Does Cinderella Bakery & Cafe accept takeout orders?
Yes, you can visit The 16th Avenue Tiled Steps with your pets.
ALLENBELL offers accessible parking available.
Yes, Marufuku Ramen SF is wheelchair accessible.
Smoking is not allowed at Avalon.
Is there dry cleaning at Axiom Hotel?
DO you have free wifi?
Aha Fresh does not have happy hour.
Apple Pay is accepted as a payment form at Souvla.
Are they showing sports on the television set?
Is there an onsite spa at Rosa's Bed and Breakfast?
Yes, the front desk provides 24 hour service.
CITY CENTRE NORTH B AND B has iron facilities but no laundry.
The dress code at Saru Sushi Bar is casual.
How about Twin Peaks Hotel, it is very affordable.
Is there a swimming pool at Carolina Bed and Breakfast?
What age does a child need to be to stay there?
Kin Khao does not offer take-out services.
Yes, their phone number is (415) 788-5604, and their address is 312 Mason Street. Please let me know if you are ready to continue with booking.
Randall Museum is open from 10AM to 5PM Tuesday to Saturday and is closed Sunday to Monday.
What are the front desk hours at your Inn?
Does the Good Luck Dim Sum take reservations?.
TV is not available at Franciscan Crab Restaurant.
The front desk at El Shaddai is not open 24 hours a day.
Yes, there is bike parking offer at A Desi Cafe.
Yes, this establishment accepts cryptocurrency.
Unfortunately, this restaurant does not accept reservations.
ok it's a hotel ummm and then did you i don't know if you mentioned but did you share the zip code in fact can you send that zip code over to me just so i can check it out on a map
There is a Cheesecake Factory in the area. Would you like more information?
Is there any fitness center available at site?
The noise level at Aha Fresh is average.
I will need a reservation for parking as well. Is it possible?
How often will my room be cleaned during my week long stay?
Are there vegan menu options available?
What kind of alcohol do you serve there?
Is the front desk open 24 hours a day?
When is check out each day to avoid being billed for the following day?
Yes, they do have outdoor seating.
Are delivery and take out available?
Yes, luggage storage is available at the front desk.
Ambience is Casual
The Hobsons House does not offer a lift.
What about a museum?
What kind of parking do you offer?
Are kids allowed?
Are kids allowed?
yes front desk open 24 hours.
No, DragonEats is not good for happy hour.
Ambience is casual at Loving Hut.
Does Turner's Kitchen serve alcohol?
Kaiju Eats Ramen and Izakaya offers vegan friendly options.
It is a smoke-free area.
Smoking is not allowed at the Leverton House.
Yes, dry cleaning is available for an additional charge
Vegetarian options are available at Tartine Bakery & Cafe.
Yes, the hotel does provide luggage storage service.
Can I pick up my order from Pharaohs Mediterranean Sandwiches through the drive thru?
WiFi is not provided.
WiFi is not provided.
and do we need to reserve uhhh like do we need a reservation for parking
No high chairs are available at the Gardenia.
Can you accommodate a large group?
Amsterdam Hostel has one star, would you like any more details?
Find me an expensive hotel in Union Square.
Can you tell what payment options you offer?
Does the ugly duckling have take-out?
The security deposit required to stay at Winsor Hotel is USD 250.
Can I park my car at Palace Of Fine Arts?
Is Apple Pay accepted at La Mediterranee?
What are the dining options at San Francisco Marriott Union Square?
WiFi is not available at SOMA Park Inn.
Yes, the restaurant has vegan friendly options.
Yes, the restaurant has vegan friendly options.
Yes, the restaurant has vegan friendly options.
With the wifi, is it available everywhere of the hotel?
There is one attraction in this area which is the Oakland Museum of California.
Will I be able to watch TV there?
Yes, a full bar.
No, The Italian Homemade Company does not allow dogs.
The front desk at City Centre North B and B is not open for 24 hours.
Will I be able to do some cooking when I stay here?
oh ok ummm can you change ummm maybe look anywhere in the city
SAJJ Mediterranean does not have WiFi.
No, does not stay open 24 hours.
Do you have any food services?
Is Cable Car Museum good for kids?
Can I take my puppy to The Bird?
The Autumn House does not have any room with disability access.
Pizza Hut City Centre does not take reservations.
Do you allow pets in the rooms?
Do you allow pets in the rooms?
Do you allow pets in the rooms?
Is there a deposit?
Yes, Zazie accepts reservations.
Rooms at the Royal Pacific Motor Inn are heated
Is WiFi available Europa Hostel?
Sitar Tandoori accepts credit cards.
Is Benu more upscale?
Can I park my bike at Um Ma Son?
You can use WiFi at 10 GBP per day here.
Valet and street parking are both available at Cotogna.
Is there BYOB offered?
Alexander's Steakhouse has an average noise level.
Yes. New Dumpling King offers free WiFi.
Are there rooms available with heating at HI San Francisco Downtown Hostel?
How late is the front desk open?
How late is the front desk open?
How late is the front desk open?
How late is the front desk open?
Laundry is available at the A and B Guest House.
Opa Cafe accepts Apple Pay.
Guests can check-in between 3 pm and midnight.
An elevator is provided at InterContinental San Francisco.
I would like to stay in Chinatown at a cheap bed and breakfast that is rated two stars.
Pets are not allowed at the Lensfield Hotel.
Is their one for Landmark?
Apple Pay is not accepted.
Apple Pay is not accepted.
Apple Pay is not accepted.
Apple Pay is not accepted.
How noisy is it at Brazen Head?
Outdoor seating is not offered at Helmand Palace.
yes this location take reservations
The front desk at SOMA Park Inn is open 24 hours a day.
Yes, this property provides daily housekeeping services.
There is one result, the Petite Auberge, which has 3 stars.
The check-out time at the Twin Peaks Hotel is from 5 am until 11 am.
Does Restaurant One Seven have BYOB?
That sounds good. Can I have their address and phone number?
Takara Sushi does not accept Apple Pay.
Can I pay with cryptocurrency at Souvla?
Yes, The Mrs. Doubtfire House is kid-friendly.
Yes.The Front Porch serve alcohol.
Subs does not have TV.
Hard Knox Cafe is good for groups.
What types of credit cards are accepted at Stazione Restaurant and Coffee Bar?
The Melt - 455 Market is good for kids.
Seward Street Slides is good for kids.
What is the ambience at The Monk' Kettle?
DragonEats does not have outdoor seats.
Does Souvla deliver?
The ambience of Grubbin' is casual, classy.
Do you take cryptocurrency?
Do you take cryptocurrency?
Do you take cryptocurrency?
Do you take cryptocurrency?
Do you take cryptocurrency?
Do you take cryptocurrency?
The Monk's Kettle does have vegan friendly options.
BYOB is not possible at The Cambridge Chop House.
Twin Peaks is a dog friendly zone.
Yes, pets are allowed to stay at Hyatt Centric Fisherman's Wharf San Francisco for an extra charge.
Tasty Pot does not have vegetarian friendly options.
Do you offer happy-hour?
Do you offer happy-hour?
Do you offer happy-hour?
Is daily housekeeping provided at the Hilton Parc 55 San Francisco Union Square?
The Hotel Spero has accessible parking.
I suggest the Columbus Inn on Columbus Ave. Should I make a reservation for you?
The New Eritrea Restaurant & Bar Does have a Delivery Service
Does Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen offer happy hour?
Are the rooms at Washington Square Inn heated?
Jiangnan Cuisine does not have outdoor seats.
Yes, Hotel Bijou provides daily housekeeping services.
Where is parking available at this restaurant?
I want to go to the public market in Russian Hill
Yes, Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen takes reservations.
I'd also like a place to stay in Russian Hill, preferable to motel that's cheap.
Does Sugarhill Kitchen accept reservations?
Does Roma Antica have TV?
There is no parking available at the Chateau Tivoli Bed and Breakfast.
Does Ali Baba have high chairs?
Shuttle service is not provided at Ashley Hotel.
Does The Rotunda offer a happy hour?
Check-in starts at 3 p.m.
The zip code is 94109. Will that work for you?
Do you guys have a television present?
Is there any sort of happy hour here?
Can I pay with cryptocurrency at What the Cluck?
Is there lift available at Alpha-MIlton Guest House?
Bridge Guest House does not provide any shuttle service.
Is delivery available at Truly Mediterranean?
Are your rooms heated?
Are your rooms heated?
Are your rooms heated?
Are your rooms heated?
Does The Hotpot serve alcohol?
What type of things are at Burmese Kitchen?
Do you have any iron facilities?
You may check in any time after 3 pm.
There is street parking and a private lot at Coqueta.
Yes, I need the phone number.
the minimum age for check in at the JW Marriott San Francisco Union Square is 18 years old
Yes there is wifi available at this hotel.
Does your menu include any vegetarian options?
Golden State Grill does take reservations.
What zip code is the restaurant in?
Do they accept credit cards at Morty's Delicatessen?
There are no designated smoking areas at Autumn House.
ALPHA-MILTON GUEST HOUSE does not provide a concierge service.
There is no shuttle service at Lovell Lodge.
up to what time are you open?
Is a parking lot available?
No, smoking is not allowed at this hotel.
Yes, the rooms at Galleria Park are heated.
Concierge services are available at the Cova Hotel
Does Chancellor Hotel on Union Square offer free WiFi?
Do you have air conditioning?
Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine has an average noise level.
Yes, Atelier Crenn has vegan options.
No, Ram's Hotel does not offer extra beds.
Does the RAJMAHAL take reservations?.
Does the Green Tortoise Hostel offer free WiFi?
do you have vegetarian options
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Are there any WiFi at the site?
Rooster & Rice does have TV.
WORTH HOUSE does not provide dry cleaning service.
Wave Organ is good for kids.
I need to go to a landmark in Marina/Cow Hollow.
No, it is a smoke-free facility.
Dogs are not allowed at the Cuisine of Nepal.
ERAINA does not offer high chairs for babies.
Check in at The Grove Inn is between 3:00pm and 10:00pm.
Is there a fitness center on site?
Vegetarian options are available.
ok could you give me a place to dine dine in the union square that's moderate price range that serves thai food
This hotel's front desk is open for 24 hours.
The check-in time at the San Francisco Marriott Fisherman's Wharf is anytime after 4 p.m..
What type of kitchen is available at the site?
What type of kitchen is available at the site?
What type of kitchen is available at the site?
Can I park my car at McKinley Square Park Foundation?
Street parking is available at Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen.
The Wharf Inn provides concierge service.
Noise level at Saru Sushi Bar is Average.
Do you have live music playing?
Does the Outerlands good for Groups?
Is Turner's Kitchen good for groups?
Frankie and Bennys offers validated parking, street parking, and free off-street parking.
Does Cool Cravings have outdoor seating?
Hi, do you have a happy hour there?
the phone number is four one five four one two zero three eight two
Mangal Mediterranean Restaurant does not have outdoor seating.
What kind of breakfast does Leverton House serve?
Credit card payments are allowed.
Can I pay with online money?
Is your facility smoking or non smoking?
hi i'm booking an upcoming trip to san francisco and i'm looking for a zoo in the fisherman's wharf area of the city
Is there parking available at Umami Burger Soma District?
The zip code is 94108. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, Subs is not good for groups.
Can I take out my order?
Does this restaurant accept all credit cards?
Can I bring a wheelchair or a mobility scooter onto the train?
Can I park my bicycle at Han Il Kwan?
Is there take-out at Piccolo Forno?
Does Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant accept Google Pay?
Is free WiFi provided at Musee Mecanique?
checkout time is 4-11 am
Is Beit Rima kid-friendly?
Yes, El Farolito is kid-friendly.
Yes car can be park at Orchard Garden Hotel.
Does the Tea Room offer any vegan options?
Good Mong Kok Bakery does not have WiF.
Golden Gate Bridge Welcome Center is not wheelchair accessible.
No, there is no concierge service available at The Cambridge Belfry.
sure i've found one three star spot and it's called nob hill motor inn
that's fine thank you and can you get me the price range
It does not accept Google Pay.
It does not accept Google Pay.
It does not accept Google Pay.
It does not accept Google Pay.
Hi, Can you please help me find a nice place to visit, in Fisherman's Wharf?
Pets are not allowed at Hotel Bijou.
Parking is available for 62.70 per day at the Hotel Vitale, a Joie de Vivre Hotel.
Does Jin Mi Korean Cuisine have free WiFi?
Do you have an onsite swimming pool?
Bac Lieu Restaurant does not allow dogs.
Ben Thai Cafe accepts credit cards.
Does Rintaro have any vegan options on the menu?
BYOB is not possible at CAMBRIDGE LODGE RESTAURANT.
Is the place quiet?
What credit cards do you accept at this hotel?
Is this a good place to bring kids?
Is this a good place to bring kids?
Octavia not accepting Cryptocurrency.
The ambiance of Cinderella Bakery & Cafe is casual and classy.
Is there outdoor seating at Oasis Cafe?
The Fly Trap does not accept Apple Pay.
Which rooms in your hotel offer air conditioning ?
Does Atelier Crenn accept credit cards?
Can I bring my dog to Cuisine of Nepal?
Do you provide shuttle service?
English is the only language spoken at Alpah-Milton Guest House.
Tselogs is not a good place for groups.
Are children allowed to stay here?
Can I bring my dog to Picaro?
Is there parking available at McKinley Square Park Foundation?
The Civic Center Inn does offer baggage storage.
Does Piccino accept reservations?
There is an extra fee to stay with pets at St. Regis San Francisco. Pets are allowed but there may be an extra charge.
Do you have a pool at Kirkwood House?
The hotel is non-smoking but reviews mention that smokers step outdoors and smoke near the hotel.
Is this a good place to bring my children?
Is this a good place to bring my children?
Do they have happy hour?
Do they have happy hour?
Gourmet Burger Kitchen takes reservations.
There are no outdoor seats at Nandos City Centre.
The phone number is (415) 982-2844.
Is outdoor seating available at Tanguito?
Free Off-Street Parking is available.
Unfortunately I'm not seeing a visitor center in that area. Would you like to try a different area?
Does Hotel Boheme have daily housekeeping?
I want to see a garden in San Francisco
No parking reservation is needed.
No parking reservation is needed.
Does De Afghanan Kabob House have takeout?
Does the Uncle Boy's offer take-out ordering?
Is on site parking available at Sw Hotel?
check out time is 11 am.
That zip code is 94109. Is there anything else I can do for you?
A 50% non-refundable security deposit is required at Autumn House.
What kind of parking is there at McKinley Square Park?
Does Troya have TV?
Is there live music at Charlie Chan?
Stazione has gluten free options.
torpedo wharf
Falafelland does have vegan options.
Are highchairs provided at your restaurant?
i see ummm do they accept google pay
Hotel Kabuki, a Joie de Vivre Hotel offers a fitness center
Jim Mi Korean Cuisine does not take reservations.
And what time does City Lights Bookstore open every day?
non smoking rooms are available as a popular amenity
Take-out ordering is not available here.
The San Francisco Museum of Modern Art is very popular, would you like more information about this?
No, Pushkin doesn't serve alcohol.
As long as they are 40 inches or taller, children can ride 7D Experience by themselves or with adults.
Meze Bar serves alcohol.
What kind of drinks Molinari Delicatessen serves?
Yippee does not offer live music entertainment.
Andrews Hotel has a 3 star rating. Would you like to book a room?
Can you help me find a place to go in San Francisco?
Do you offer Halal?
Do you offer Halal?
The phone number for Subpar Miniature Golf is (415) 761-1706 and the address is 900 North Point St.
WiFi is available in public areas and is free of charge at Aida Plaza Hotel.
Yes, shuttle service is available.
Yes it is kid friendly. Would you like the address of where Lombard Street is?
The Fairmont check-in time is listed as 4:00 pm in their house rules section
English, Spanish, Hindi, Mongolian, Filipino, and Chinese are spoken at this hotel.
Little Gem does not have drive thru.
Is housekeeping provided daily?
Is The Front Porch suitable for kids?
What alcohol is available at Sons & Daughters?
Can I park my car at Camera Obscura?
Are vegetarian options available at Mama's On Washington Square?
Brenda's has no television there.
The Allenbell does not offer safety deposit boxes in their rooms.
What time is check out for this location?
How many languages do you speak there?
Yes, Stem Kitchen & Garden offers take-out ordering.
Is alcohol available?
Does Loving Hut have vegan friendly options?
Coqueta does not accept Google Pay.
Great. Is there parking available?
Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar does not allow dogs.
Does Lovejoy's Tea Room accept Apple Pay?
Can I park my car at The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar?
Yes, Grubbin' is wheelchair accessible.
Can you make a reservation for me?
LA RAZA doesn't offer any kind of delivery service to customers.
From what time to what time is Cable Car museum in Nob Hill open?
Good Luck Dim Sum does not have TV.
Does STAZIONE RESTAURANT AND COFFEE BAR offer halal options?
There are no safety deposit boxes available at Finches Bed And Breakfast, sorry.
Yes, Hilton San Francisco Financial District provides concierge services.
Is this location ADA and wheelchair accessible?
No, it mentions nothing about dogs.
Kitchen Istanbul accepts credit cars.
The HotPot does not serve alcohol.
Is there any parking at Park Tavern?
Do you have extra beds available?
Do you have extra beds available?
Do you have extra beds available?
Do you have extra beds available?
Do you have extra beds available?
Can I park my car at the Luz Hotel?
Is El Farolito good for groups?
Rin's Thai Restaurant accepts credit cards
No, a reservation is not required for the public parking onsite.
Is there housekeeping service every day?
What will be the check in time?
Sure, there are two, the Hyde line and the Mason line. Do either of these appeal to you?
No, Plain Jane does not have outdoor seating.
do you have the phone number for that place
Are there vegetarian options there?
Sure, I'll be happy to look for you. Is there a specific type of attraction you're interested in?
What languages do you speak at the Travelodge?
Sushirrito is good for kids.
Yes, takeout is available at Maharajah Tandoori Restaurant.
Are there any designated smoking areas at Galleria Park, a Joie de Vivre Hotel?
Does Basa Seafood Express have any television services?
The Lovell Lodge does not have a swimming pool on site.
What are the payment options?
What are the payment options?
Hakka is wheelchair accessible.
The Pawn Shop offer vegan friendly options.
Does Bridge Guest House offer dry cleaning services?
Comfort Inn By the Bay Hotel San Franscisco has both American and Buffet breakfast options.
Vegan friendly options is available at DragonEats.
The noise level at Khamsa is average.
If I have guests do I have to reserve parking?
hi uhhh i'm looking for some recommendations in the hayes valley area specifically for a place to dine uhhh my price range is definitely more on the expensive side and i really have a taste for bar food do you have any recommendations
The Smokin' Warehouse Barbecue - Sacramento Street offers take-out ordering.
Pier Market Seafood Restaurant will take Google Pay.
Is there a luggage storage service at Archway House?
Can you tell me if the rooms at San Francisco Proper Hotel have heating?
The Howard Johnson by Wyndham San Francisco Marina District offers fruit and bottled water.
The rooms at the Hotel Sunrise are non-smoking, and it is unclear if there are any designated smoking areas.
Is there a place to park my bike at Mama's on Washington Square?
The payment options accepted at Bedouin are Mastercard and Visa.
The Orchard Garden Hotel is a smoke-free property.
Bike parking is not available at Golden Gate Bridge.
The ambience at Helmand Palace is considered classy.
Is there WiFi available at Kokkari Estiatorio?
Do you have any outdoor seating or a patio?
What kind of service is there?
Can I watch television at Californios?
There is free WiFi at the Buena Vista Motor Inn.
Yes. Rooster & Rice wheelchair accessible.
Thanh Binh offers BYOB.
Is there bicycle paring at Benu?
Lao Table does not accept Apple Pay.
Nob Hill Cafe does have TV
Thanks, and do they speak any languages other than English?
No safety deposit boxes are available at Ashley hotel.
The restaurant accepts reservations.
The restaurant accepts reservations.
Does Cool Cravings accept Apply Pay?
Are there TVs?
Unfortunately, on site parking is unavailable. However, street parking is available.
Do you have anything on the menu that's halal?
Check-out time is 11:00am.
Can I park my bike at Sutro Baths.?
Only dry cleaning for an additional charge is available.
Does Orchard Hotel have facilities for disabled guests?
Do they have a parking garage?
Avalon does not have a spa onsite
They offer valet.
Cordon Bleu does not take reservations.
Cordon Bleu does not take reservations.
The Bridge Guest House has on-site private parking.
Do you offer high chairs for children at the tables?
The ambience is classy casual.
Can I park my bike at Kung Food?
There are many lodging facilities in Union Square. Do you have a lodging type preference, star rating and price range in mind?
Kitchen Story does offer delivery services.
Are there air-conditioned rooms available at the Travelodge by Wyndham Presidio San Francisco?
Yes, we have free WiFi at DA VINCI PIZZERIA.
Yes, alcohol is served at La Raza.
Molinari Delicatessen serves beer and wine only.
Does Boudin Bakery & Cafe have gluten free options?
Do you have a happy hour there?
Hard Knox Cafe doesn't have a drive-thru.
Does Allenbell offer room service?
The Gandhi is not wheelchair accessible.
Does Travelodge by Wyndham San Francisco Central have free WiFi?
I would like the address too.
You cannot ask for extra beds at Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Union Square. This hotel does not offer extra beds.
Are pets allowed at this location?
Are pets allowed at this location?
Are pets allowed at this location?
Is Nourish Cafe good for kids?
Free WiFi is offered at Saint Johns Chop House.
Yes.Asian Box have TV.
Is Apple Pay taken at Roma Antica?
How are the rooms cooled?
What kind of price range are you looking for.
Dogs are not allowed at Super Duper Burgers.
I was wondering what the noise level is like there.
yeah definitely in that area there's a few different spots but something that's worthy is the fairmont heritage place in ghirardelli square
Yes, Kaiju Eats Ramen and Izakaya has high chairs.
There is no extra fee for pets to stay.
Yes, Hotel Kabuki, a Joie de Vivre Hotel has meeting or banquet facilities with additional charges.
Is there parking available for cars at Aziza?
I prefer a 3 star hotel.
Are there any Halal options at Cafe Uno?
No, La Taqueria does not accept google pay.
Does Cable Car Hotel have any designated smoking areas?
Are gluten free options available?
Can bikes be parked at Aria Korean Street Food?
Is there an airport shuttle offered?
Is there a garage or parking there?
Does Coventry Inn include baggage storage?
Casual, classy ambience at Mama's On Washington Square.
Can I park my bike at Kitchen Story?
Are there any restaurant?
Are there any restaurant?
You can not bring your own bottle at Cocum.
Does the PIZZA HUT CHERRY HINTON have wheelchair accessible?
Are there any happy hours offered?
Outdoor seating is available at Tacko.
Ferry Building Marketplace accepts Google Pay.
Does the Thanh Binh deliver?
What is the charge for WiFi at Taj Campton Place?
Hogwash accepts Credit Cards but not google pay, nor apple pay and Cryptocurrency.
There is heating in the rooms at the COurtyard by Marriott San Francisco Downtown
Yes, this facility is good for groups.
Yes, high chairs are available at Alimentum.
EXPRESS BY HOLIDAY INN CAMBRIDGE only have coffee/tea maker available for guests.
Yes. The Rotunda is good for kids.
Do you have takeout ordering?
Is there any outdoor seating area at Nick's Crispy Tacos?
Do you have happy hour?
Do you have happy hour?
Do you have happy hour?
Do you have happy hour?
Do you have happy hour?
The ambience of Newkirk's is casual.
Restaurant ERAINA is not wheelchair accessible.
Are there vegetarian options on the menu at Curry Queen?
Boba Guys accepts credit cards, Google Pay and Apple Pay.
What time is check in?
What time is check in?
What time is check in?
What time is check in?
What time is check in?
What time is check in?
What time is check in?
What time is check in?
What time is check in?
Does the Old Jerusalem Restaurant offer happy hour specials?
Is Saucy Asian wheelchair accessible?
The Anchor Oyster Bar accepts major credit cards.
Hi! I would like to go to a beach in Russian Hill.
Do you offer options for vegans?
Do you offer options for vegans?
Yes, it has vegan friendly options.
What payment options do you guys take?
I want to eat out in Union Square
What credit cards are accepted at Presidio Parkway Inn?
Does Balompie Cafe accept the payment with Apple Pay?
I couldn't find their phone number. But their address is 145 Jefferson St. Anything else you require?
CHelsea Inn has a 24 hour open front desk.
Kasa Indian Eatery is good for groups.
WiFi service is free for guests at The Clift Royal Sonesta San Francisco.
Do you have vegan food?
HK Fusion takes take-out orders.
Guests should be checked out by 12 noon.
Private parking is available on site with additional charges at Hotel Intercontinental, San Francisco.
Does the Corridor Restaurant accept Apple Pay?
The Italian Homemade Company has average noise level.
No, they do not currently require advance reservation.
At Subs you can pay with a credit card or cash.
Are those cheaper accommodations in the Tenderloin area?
Check-out time at City Centre North B and B is 8:00 AM - 10:30 AM.
The noise level at Tacko is loud.
Hey, do you guys have outdoor seating there at New Dumpling King?
Can I have my food delivered?
Can I have my food delivered?
What kind of payments do you accept?
ok great uhhh one last thing is uhhh is this restaurant wheelchair accessible
Guests must be at least 18 years old to check-in.
Does Old Jerusalem Restaurant offer outdoor seating?
The phone number of Golden Gate Bridge Welcome Center is (415) 426-5220. What else can I do for you?
All major credit cards are accepted for payment at Courtyard by Marriott Fishermans Wharf.
Is Frascati a good place for groups?
There are no laundry or iron facilities at the Worth House.
Does Kohinoor offer take-out orders?
The Snug does not have any outdoor seating.
Does Hotel Spero have swimming pool onsite?
Is take-out ordering an option at The Golden Curry?
Kadampa Meditation Center San Francisco is open from 1:30 pm to 6:00 pm. It is closed on Friday, and open on Saturday from 11:00 am to 3:00 pm and on Sunday from 1:00 pm to 3:00 pm.
Crepes On Cole does offer take-out.
All major credit cards are accepted.
All major credit cards are accepted.
Lift is not available at ROSA"S BED AND BREAKFAST.
Aliment does not accept Google Pay.
What's the minimum height people have to be to ride the 7D Experience?
The payment options available at the Plaj Scandinavian Restaurant & Bar include Credit Cards.
Does Brenda's French Soul Food offer a happy hour?
Is there a 3 star hotel anywhere in the city?
free wifi is available at Cable Car Hotel
The Marker San Francisco provides luggage storage services
How about a hotel, if you can't find an inn?
Cocum does have delivery.
Yes, tables can be booked at this restaurant.
Yes.  Subpar Miniature Golf good for kids.
Does the Bistro At The Cliff House have free WiFi?
Yes, Orchard Garden Hotel does have a lift.
Do you guys have happy hour specials?
Do you guys have happy hour specials?
Hello. Can you please help me find a beach in Sea Cliff?
Does Tang Chinese serve alcohol?
There is no delivery service at Efes Restaurant.
No vegetarian options are available.
Super Duper Burgers offers vegan friendly options.
Hey, do you guys accept Visa or Mastercard there?
Do you allow pets to stay?
sure i'm finding quite a few locations in inner richmond but i know of a great spot it's called cinderella bakery and cafe
The languages spoken at this hotel include Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, Filipino, and Chinese.
There is no delivery available at GALLERIA.
That sounds fun. Is there parking available?
The admission fee is $29.95 for adults and $19.95 for children.
Is there smoking areas in the guest house?
Is it too loud to talk there?
The front desk at the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is open for 24 hours.
Pizza Express is wheelchair accessible.
No, BYOB is not allowed at The Golden Curry.
Yes, for an additional charge.
Yes, for an additional charge.
Does Warakubune Sushi have bike parking?
Is there a way to get a room with 3 beds?
Is Sesame Restaurant and Bar wheelchair accessible?
Souvla has outdoor seats.
No, Papito Hayes doesn't offer bike parking.
The admission at 7D Experience is $13 for adults and children.
Does this location take reservations?
Are you handicap accessible?
Free private parking is available.
Anatolia does not offer delivery service.
Molinari Delicatessen is not good for groups.
is Rooster & Rice good for groups?
Free WIFI is not offered by COCUM.
Would I be able to purchase gluten free food at Tartine Bakery & Cafe?
Are there any vegan-friendly options on the menu?
The check-out time at Winsor Hotel is 11:00 AM.
Various credit cards are available payment options.
What language options are available at this place?
Can you tell me what payment methods Nopaito takes?
Can I eat outside at the Cuisine of Nepal?
At Pakwan Restaurant, the noise level is average.
Ambience of Thai Time Restaurant is  Casual, Classy
Does Hyatt Place San Francisco/Downtown have a lift?
No, dogs are not allowed at Grubbin'.
Does it get very loud at Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine?
Do I need a reservation to park there first?
Yes, you can find vegetarian options.
A Mano does not have a TV.
DragonEats does offer take-out services.
Yes, Zen Yai Thai Restaurant is wheelchair accessible.
Would you share with me their phone number?
Yes,  Galleria Park, a Joie de Vivre Hotel provide dry cleaning service with additional charges.
You do not need to make a reservation for parking in advance.
Is there a coffee/tea maker available for guests?
Outdoor seating is not offered at Basa Seafood Express.
Yes, highchairs are available.
The ambience of Jake's Steaks is casual.
Are there any outdoor seats available there?
Does State Bird Provisions accept Apple Pay?
They are located at 151 3rd St.
Hyde Street Pier is not wheelchair accessible.
yeah i was also looking for the zip code and the phone number
There is a shared kitchen available at the Dakota Hostel and Hotel
Yes, they offer happy hour with a full bar.
Do you charge for WiFi?
Cellarmaker House of Pizza does not offer Vegan options.
What is the noise level at  La Mediterranee?
Is there free breakfast offered at the hotel?
The Civic Center Motor Inn will request a 100 USD refundable security deposit.
Are vegan friendly options available at the Plaj Scandinavian Restaurant & Bar?
Check-in time at Oasis Inn is from 3PM.
Rin's Thai Restaurant  is not accepting Google Pay.
Private parking is available on site (reservation is not needed) and costs USD 46 per day.
Nopa does not offer happy hour.
Is there outdoor seating at B on the Go?
There is outdoor seating at Beit Rima.
can you offer us a ride to and from the airport
Are the rooms at Inn on Broadway air-conditioned?
Can you tell me what the ambiance is like?
definitely their address is one harding road and their zip code is nine four one three two
What languages are available at the hotel?
Acorn Guest House does not offer luggage storage at their facility.
Yes, good for groups.
Yes, good for groups.
No there are no designated smoking areas
A shared kitchen is offered to guests at Amsterdam Hostel.
Saigon City does not offer gluten free options.
How about Delicious Dim Sum?
Free off-street parking is available at Taj Tandoori.
What time can I check out?
Take out is offered.
Take out is offered.
Is there a concierge available?
perfect and ummm after i go there is there any chance there's kind of a museum or place to go around there
Ask Restaraunt does not have gluten free options available.
Bellota accepts reservations.
The Ramp does not accept Cryptocurrency.
I have a Hyatt membership. Is there any Hyatt hotel there?
Yes, do you have an onsite business center?
Is the Tacko restaurant good for kids?
You cannot park your car at Nineteen 06 Mission.
Yes, 750 Restaurant and Bar is available for breakfast through dinner, providing both a la carte and buffet options.
Starbelly is a kid friendly place with numerous activites.
Does Crepes On Cole accept Google Pay?
oh awesome uhhh can you give the zip code of that please
zip code here is nine four one zero two
Prubechu has a zip code of 94110 and the phone number is (415) 853-0671.
Is there parking available at Nineteen 06 Mission?
Is there WiFi at Delicious Dim Sum?
Do you have any happy hour specials?
Do you have any happy hour specials?
Do you have any happy hour specials?
Do you have any happy hour specials?
Pushkin is not wheelchair accessible.
Mensho Tokyo does not allow dogs.
This restaurant accepts American Express, Mastercard, and Visa.
Does Hotel Drisco have WiFi?
There is only street parking at Anchor Oyster Bar.
No, The View Lounge doesn't allow dogs.
Does The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill offer takeout ordering?
WiFi is not available here.
Hi! I would love to visit a landmark attraction in San Francisco!
What ia the noise level like there?
Are the rooms heated?
Are the rooms heated?
Are the rooms heated?
Are the rooms heated?
Are the rooms heated?
Are the rooms heated?
Are the rooms heated?
Are the rooms heated?
Are the rooms heated?
Are the rooms heated?
There is a popular place Clarion Alley in Mission. Would you like additional details?
You can check-out until 12:00pm.
Proposition Chicken isn't a group friendly site.
Does Kitchen Istanbul accept credit cards?
No, there is no restaurant or bar onsite at Finches Bed and Breakfast. There is a full English breakfast and a shared kitchen.
Apple Pay is not accepted at Pho Huynh Hiep 2 - Kevin's Noodle House.
The Inn San Francisco has a pool, but no gym or fitness center.
Golden House does not have vegetarian friendly options available.
I want to see local flavor in Pacific Heights
Does your hotel offer outdoor seating?
Is there a happy hour at your location?
Yes the rooms are heated at the Hyatt Place San Francisco/Downtown.
Morty's Delicatessen does not serve alcohol.
WiFi is unavailable here.
Is Falafelland kid friendly?
The hotel address is 111 Mason Street and their phone number is (415) 771-1200.
Are groups able to be served?
Are groups able to be served?
Does the Crab House at Pier 39 deliver?
Is it possible to watch sports at your facility?
Do you guys have a smoking area?
Will there be somewhere to safely park my car?
Do you have a minimum age restriction to check-in?
what is the dress code at A Mano?
What breakfast options are available at Grant Hotel?
WiFi is free at the inn.
air-conditioning is provided at Coventry Inn
Does Rice House have high chairs for babies to use?
Is daily house keeping available at HI San Francisco Downtown Hostel?
Check-in at the Signature San Francisco is at 3:00 P.M.
No, dogs are not allowed at A Desi Cafe.
Is there a happy house at Craftsman and Wolves?
Do you take call-ahead reservations?
I want to go to a museum in Russian Hill
Can I park my car at Basa Seafood Express?
Oasis Cafe only accept credit card as its primary payment method.
Check-in at AVALON starts at 14:00.
There is a 18 or over age limit to check-in at Alpha-Milton Guest House.
How much does onsite parking cost per day?
No, there is no free wifi at DOJO NOODLE BAR.
Does the HOTEL DU VIN AND BISTRO offer take-out ordering?
Do you permit pets?
What options do you have for parking at your restaurant?
Reservations are not available for parking at the Presidio Parkway Inn
Jake's Steaks is wheelchair accessible.
Is there a drive thru at State Bird Provisions?
Perilla serves beer and wine only.
No, they do not have TV in the restaurant.
No, they do not have TV in the restaurant.
Are there any buses to the airport?
The Cow is not wheelchair accessible.
What are the parking options available at your location?
Does this spot offer a military discount?
Is there room service provided at El Shaddai?
Yes, Fitzbillies has gluten free options.
Thai House Express allows credit cards as a source of payment.
La Mediterranee has a casual and classy ambience.
11:00 am to 11:30 am
Does HI San Francisco Downtown Hostel offer free WiFi in the rooms?
New Fortune Restaurant  allows wheelchair accessible.
I want a motel in Union square
Is there outdoor eating available?
Will you tell me their phone number?
There is bike parking available at B on the Go.
What types of charge cards do you all take?
Can I park my car at The 16th Avenue Tiled Steps?
Vegetarian friendly options are available at  Rusty's Southern.
Sessions at the Presidio has high chairs available for babies.
Is Benu a good restaurant for kids?
Yes, do you have a specific type of cuisine in mind?
How is the ambience at Kung Food?
Do you have parking for cars there?
Does the store have a handicap ramp?
La Mar Cebicheria Peruana offers happy hour.
Are there any vegetarian options available there?
Takara Sushi has parking on the street.
Are there certain languages used to communicate?
A continental breakfast.
A continental breakfast.
Beit Rima has bike parking.
Beit Rima has bike parking.
there is an onsite coffee shop
Cuisine of Nepal does not have TV
Is there convenient parking at State Bird Provisions?
sure the phone number is listed as four one five three five seven four zero zero zero and their address is one five one third street
Do you have luggage storage available?
Gluten free options are not available at Kymmoy.
Do you allow BYOB?
Do you allow BYOB?
Do you allow BYOB?
Do you allow BYOB?
Do you allow BYOB?
Do you allow BYOB?
There is no swimming pool at CITYROOMZ.
Are dogs allowed at Seward Street Slides?
Whats the ambience like there?
Does THE COPPER KETTLE offer halal options?
Yes, La Mediterranee is good for kids.
There is no swimming pool onsite here.
Rice House does not have halal options.
Is Sushirrito a good place for groups?
Is bike parking allowed at Papito Potrero Hill?
Find me an expensive 4-star hotel in Union Square.
What is the star rating?
What are the types of payment methods accepted at Alpha Inn and Suites?
Is there delivery available?
Does the Exploratorium accept cryptocurrency as payment?
Parking reservations are required in advance at Lovell Lodge.
ok sure let me see what i can find for you. ok i'm able to pull up one location it's called the smokin warehouse barbecue on sacramento street
Torpedo Wharf doesn't charge any fee to visitors.
Does Smokin' Warehouse Barbecue - Sacramento Street offer parking?
Can I pick up my order from Kitchen Story through the drive thru?
Do you offer meeting rooms?
Does Mensho Tokyo have vegan friendly options?
Yes, this place is good for kids.
Does Eraina offer halal options?
Are there vegetarian dishes at Tartine Bakery & Cafe?
Does Cupid's Span offer parking?
Can I order delivery from Taboun?
Meghna is wheelchair accessible.
Brenda's French Soul Food is wheelchair accessible.
Apple Pay is not accepted for payment at Perilla.
No, Subs does not have outdoor seats.
Does Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant offer delivery and/or take-out?
Is Rintaro good for groups?
The Martin Luther King Jr Memorial is not wheelchair accessible.
Delivery is not available through Bellota.
The check-in time at the Minna Hotel is 3:00pm to 12:00am.
Is there free WiFi at Eraina?
Can I use Apple Pay?
Roam Artisan Burgers does have TV available.
Is KoJa Kitchen wheelchair accessible?
Nob Hill Cafe has high chairs for babies.
Outdoor seating is not available at My Tofu House.
Does the Fayala offer take-out ordering?
Slice House Haight by Tony Gemignani is a good place for kids.
Not really. I'd like to know how many stars they have though.
Do you have seating for infants and toddlers?
Falafelland accepts Apple Pay.
Does Kitchen Istanbul serve alcohol?
Unfortunately, Outerlands does not accept cryptocurrency at their location.
No, free WiFi is not available.
Is Seward Street Slides good for kids?
There is no shuttle service at Leverton house.
Is TV available at Fable?
Does Waterfront Restaurant take reservations?
Private parking is available at the Harbor Court Hotel.
What parking options are available at Zen Yai Thai Restaurant?
Does Saigon City have outdoor seating?
Is this park appropriate for kids?
Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop does not offer free WiFi.
Is the WiFi here free?
There is no smoking allowed in the rooms at the Warfield Hotel, but it is not a designated No Smoking property.
Can I bring my dog along with me?
No, Birdsong doesn't offer free WiFi.
Is WiFi available at the De Afghanan Kabob House?
Continental, Buffet, Breakfast in the room
Yes, bicycle parking is available.
Does Yippee Noodle Bar offer halal items?
No high chairs available at HK Fusion.
What is the noise level at Crepes On Cole?
Luggage storage is available at Hilton Parc 55 San Francisco Union Square.
Sure I see a Contemporary Jewish Museum. Will that suit your needs?
Uh, ok. Can you tell me the zip code of this place?
Do you allow pets at the hotel?
The Golden Curry does not offer halal options.
What is the atmosphere like at Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen?
Does your restaurant have a television?
Kaiju Eats Ramen and Izakaya accepts credit cards.
Can we provide our own wine?
No, KoJa Kitchen doesn't have gluten free options.
Is there a charge for your WiFi service?
What are Walt Disney Family Museum's opening hours?
Breda's Meet & Three does allow you to brings dogs. The restaurant is known as dog friendly in San Francisco.
Do you have a price or star rating preference?
Do you have seats outside?
The ambience is casual.
The ambience is casual.
The ambience is casual.
The ambience is casual.
The ambience is casual.
Can I park my bike at The GrilledCheezGuy?
the Hotel Vitale, a Joie de Vivre Hotel offers concierge services
Yes, you can reserve a table at this restaurant.
Yes, you can reserve a table at this restaurant.
Yippee Noodle Bar does not take reservations.
Can you describe Uncle Boy's general ambience, please?
Happy hour is not available at Farm : Table.
Of course. There are many options in Union Square. Is there a price range or star rating you'd like me to search for?
No, Bulgara does not have bike parking.
Does The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar have highchairs?
Free coffee, tea and juice are available to Nob Hill Motor Inn guests.
Is there any bike parking at Ebisu?
What does WiFi cost at Inn on Broadway?
Do you have parking there?
Do you have parking there?
Do you have parking there?
The check-out time at the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is any time in the morning until 12 pm.
Do you deliver?
Do you deliver?
Do you deliver?
Do you deliver?
Do you deliver?
Do you deliver?
Do you deliver?
Do you deliver?
Do you deliver?
Do you deliver?
Do you deliver?
Do you deliver?
Do you deliver?
Do you deliver?
Do you deliver?
Do you deliver?
Do you deliver?
Do you deliver?
Do you deliver?
Do you deliver?
Does B on the Go offer take out?
Japanese
Are parking available?
Thanks, and what breakfast options do they offer?
The amvience of Crepes On Cole is casual and classy.
Does Oasis Cafe have vegan friendly food?
New Dumpling King isn't a dog friendly zone.
Jiangnan Cuisine is not wheelchair accessible.
No, the San Francisco City Hall does not accept Google Pay.
How much is the admission fee for kids and adults at Madame Tussauds San Francisco?
Meghna is happy to offer street, off-street and validated parking.
THE CLUB QUARTERS HOTEL IN SAN FRANCISCO DOES NOT OFFER EXTRA BEDS.
Bike parking is available.
Bike parking is available.
Bike parking is available.
Bike parking is available.
Bike parking is available.
Check out time is 12 pm.
Would my kids enjoy the museum?
The ambience at Arizmendi bakery is casual and classy.
Dragon Beaux has high chairs available for use.
This hotel accepts American Express, Visa, Mastercard, and Discover.
This hotel accepts American Express, Visa, Mastercard, and Discover.
Does Crab House at Pier 39 accept Google Pay?
Whats your noise level like?
The check-out time at Luz Hotel is 11:00AM.
Andrews Hotel is moderately priced, would you like the details?
There is no dry cleaning at Bel Air Hotel
What is the noise level at Alamo Square Seafood Grill?
What is the age restriction for check-in at Hobsons House?
No.Octavia is not good for groups.
Any of the hotels in moderate range with 3 stars?
Can I get a high chair there?
Does The Italian Homemade Company restaurant have happy hours?
sure let me see what i can find for you. all right nothing is showing up with art is there a different thing that you might be interested in
J Restaurant offers free off-street parking.
Dry cleaning is available, but there is an additional charge.
Guest rooms at the Hotel Vitale, a Joie de Vivre Hotel, have air conditioning/heat.
Breakfast is not included.
No, Piccino does not accept Cryptocurrency.
Does Tacko accept credit cards?
My family is traveling with quite a few suitcases...will that be a problem?
Is there parking available for cars at Woodhouse Fish?
Are safety deposit boxes available?
Are safety deposit boxes available?
Languages spoken at The Marker San Francisco include, English, Spanish, French and Chinese
Kids are welcome in Jin Mi Korean Cuisine.
Is there patio seating available?
No, smoking is not allowed on the train.
Street parking is available for cars at Helmand Palace.
I was wondering if you take Cryptocurrency?
Does Marlowe's accept credit cards?
What is your dress code?
What is your dress code?
Are dogs allowed at Pica Pica Arepa Kitchen?
What languages can your hotel accomodate?
FINCHES BED AND BREAKFAST does not have a swimming pool onsite.
Nineteen 06 Mission does provide luggage storage.
Does Pizza Hut have gluten free options?
Kimpton Sir Francis Drake Hotel has rooms with disability access.
Royal Standard doesn't offer take-out.
WiFi is free at the Leverton House.
De Afghanan Kabob House does not have a specific dress code.
Are dogs allowed at Ocean Beach?
When is check-out time?
Does Birdsong have a happy hour?
Is there any happy hour specials in Coqueta?
Where can guests have breakfast at Taj Campton Place?
Jiangnan Cuisine does not serve any alcohol.
Daily housekeeping service is not provided at Leverton House.
Yes, Alamo Square does have a playground.
WiFi at the St. Regis San Francisco costs $14.95 per 24 hours.
No, Warakubune Sushi does not offer outdoor seating.
Do the rooms have heating in them?
Happy hour is not available at Frascati.
Saffron Brasserie does not offer free WiFi.
That's fine as long as they accept AMEX.
No, Nourish Cafe doesn't accept Apple Pay.
Does Truly Mediterranean offer any vegan options?
The noise level is average.
The noise level is average.
The noise level is average.
The noise level is average.
The noise level is average.
The noise level is average.
The noise level is average.
The noise level is average.
The noise level is average.
The noise level is average.
The noise level is average.
The noise level is average.
The noise level is average.
The noise level is average.
The noise level is average.
The noise level is average.
The noise level is average.
Do you do take-out?
Do you do take-out?
No, you do not need to make a reservation for parking in advance.
Yes, there are vegan friendly options at Boba Guys.
hi i'd like to go to the civic center area do you know if there are any landmarks there
They have a three star rating.
No, free WiFi is unavailable.
Are the rooms here cleaned on a daily basis?
Apple Pay is accepted at Ferry Building Marketplace.
Ambience of The Italian Homemade Company is Casual, Classy
Do you have any menu options for vegetarians or vegans?
Take out ordering is available at Golden State Grill.
Limehouse does not provide room service.
Amarena does offer its guests free WiFi.
What is the ambiance of DragonEats?
Do you have any high chairs?
There are continental and buffet breakfast options at SF Plaza Hotel.
Does your hotel have room service?
Asian Box does not offer Google Pay. You pay with cash or credit card at the cashier.
Cuisine of Nepal does not accept Google Pay.
yeah definitely there's a couple options here how about b on the go is the name of the place
Yes, Zen Yai Thai Restaurant is kid-friendly.
Yes, there is an elevator available
There is no outdoor seating available at Thai House Express.
Yes, do you have a preference on the star rating or price range?
Does New Ertirea Restaurant & Bar offer a full bar?
It's 2905 Hyde Street and the zip code is 94109.
Dragon Gate does not allow parking onsite.
Plaj Scandinavian Restaurant & Bar does not have bike parking.
Do you guys allow groups?
The Little Chihuahua does not have a dress code.
Is there take-out at Blind Butcher?
Does your establishment service any alcohol?
Will i be able to get an extra bed for my kid?
Highchairs are available at La Mar Cebicheria Peruana.
Is there public parking on site at Soma Park Inn?
Howdy, what can you tell me about the ambience there?
Probably. Does anyone there speak French?
This place does not provide room service.
yes, it should have a 3 star rating
What is the noise level at Piccolo Forno?
cards issued by visa, mastercard, american express, and discover are accepted for payment.
Hi! Can you book me 2 rooms from Sunday for 7 nights at a moderately priced, 4 star bed and breakfast in Fisherman's Wharf?
Check in and checkout time is when?
Check in and checkout time is when?
Check in and checkout time is when?
Check in and checkout time is when?
Check in and checkout time is when?
Check in and checkout time is when?
Check in and checkout time is when?
Check in and checkout time is when?
Check in and checkout time is when?
Check in and checkout time is when?
Check in and checkout time is when?
Check in and checkout time is when?
Check in and checkout time is when?
Check in and checkout time is when?
Check in and checkout time is when?
Check in and checkout time is when?
The Alembic does not offer take-out ordering.
Is there alcohol served in the restaurant?
Kohinoor's menu does not offer halal options.
yeah of course the address is listed as three three two four seventeenth street
Are vegan friendly dining options available at Pushkin?
ok sure let me see what i can find for you. all right i'm able to pull up two options one is the courtyard by marriott san francisco downtown van ness avenue and the second is cova hotel i would recommend the first one
Yes, Falafelland offers take-out ordering.
Prezzo does offer free WiFi.
Park Tavern is good for groups.
What payment options does The Ferry Building Marketplace accept?
Parking on site is 30 dollars per day.
The Inn on Folsom has a 24-hour front desk.
Um Ma Son takes reservations.
Are you dog friendly?
Is free WiFi available at Howard Johnson by Wyndham San Francisco Marina District?
The Lucky Pig does not serve alcohol.
Yes, China Beach is kid-friendly.
Does Bay Subs & Deli have take-out available?
Are bikes permitted at Batteries to Bluffs Trail?
Sounds good. Does it have any wifi available for guests?
Yes, facilities are available for disabled guests at Carriage Inn.
Do you offer halal substitutions?
Yes. You can park your bike at Roam Artisan Burgers.
Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar offers take-out ordering.
There are several, do you have a preference on type or star rating?
Is there any bike parking at SF Honey Pig Korean BBQ?
Can food be ordered for delivery at The Little Chihuahua?
What's the mood at Rooster & Rice?
Free off-street parking is available at The Slug and Lettuce.
Can I order vegan at Super Duper Burgers?
Do you know when Madame Tussauds San Francisco is open each day?
Does The Little Chihuahua offer take-out ordering?
Accessible parking
Accessible parking
Accessible parking
It has free WiFi.
What is the atmosphere like at Gozu?
No, they are a smoke free property.
No, they are a smoke free property.
Is there a Happy Hour offered at Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine?
La Mediterranee does allow take out orders.
No, the restaurant does not have outdoor seating.
No, the restaurant does not have outdoor seating.
No, the restaurant does not have outdoor seating.
Can you bring groups?
wifi at Inn on Broadway is free of charge
Does Rajmahal offer vegetarian food?
Is alcohol served at Lao Table?
yes there is Meeting / Banquet facilities at an additional charge
Hmmmm, what about a park in the area?
Do you guys do takeout?
Does Brenda's Meat & Three have take-out available?
No, Coit Tower does not offer free WiFi.
great can you also check if they accept reservations
Falafelland accepts Apple Pay and Credit Cards.
Does Good Luck Dim Sum have bike parking?
I want to experience some of the local flavor of the Tenderloin area in San Fran. What do you suggest?
Fayala does not serve alcohol.
Yes, the best parking option at Panahar is the free off street parking.
What is the ambiance at Zazie?
You can get a free breakfast delivered to your room, or you can get breakfast from the front desk until 10 am each day. The breakfast is continental.
Does Hilton San Francisco Union Square provide any shuttle service?
Does Dumpling Kitchen take reservations?
Yes. Papito Hayes offers high chairs available for babies.
Is WiFi available at SW Hotel?
THE HOTPOT accepts credit cards.
Do you provide any sort of special access?
Are there vegan friendly options at Lao Table?
Thanks. Could you please give me the parking details?
What parking is available at Winsor Hotel?
How loud is the noise level at The Halal Guys?
Ambience of The Italian Homemade Company is casual.
Yes, 7D Experience is kid-friendly.
City Centre North B and B does not offer concierge service.
Yes, rooms at FOUND Hotel San Francisco are heated.
ok uhhh can i get the phone number and zip code please
Union Square is open from 6am to midnight daily.
Can I get extra beds in a room that I reserve?
Outerlands does not accept Google Pay.
Does Taqueria Los Coyotes have wheelchair access?
Is Exploratorium friendly to kids?
Is there a gym available in the building?
Piccino is considered a good option for kids.
Does Farm : Table have soy free options?
Is it very loud at Good Mong Kok Bakery?
Dogs will not be allowed at Rooster & Rice.
The front desk at Kensington Park Hotel is open 24 hours.
No, Delicious Dim Sum doesn't offer outdoor seating.
ok i'd also like to get something to eat in the same area and i'm thinking thai food
New Dumpling King offers delivery service for its customer.
What is the earliest time I can check into the W San Francisco hotel?
Free WiFi is available at Ram's Hotel.
Aquarium Of The Bay is open from 10AM to 6pm every day of the week.
Check-out time is until 12:00 p.m. at Hotel Spero.
Ramenwell is good for kids.
Do you provide multi-lingual services?
Does the hotel have an elevator?
Does the hotel have an elevator?
There is no designated smoking area at the ARBURY LODGE GUESTHOUSE.
Does the Hakka have outdoor seating?
The noise level is average at Boudin Bakery & Cafe.
Yes, Hotel Nikko San Francisco has an onsite swimming pool.
No high chairs for babies at Restaurant One Seven.
Is it good for children at Kitava?
The Front Porch does not accept Google Pay.
What animals are allowed inside Cordon Bleu?
No CAROLINA BED AND BREAKFAST does not provide room service.
There are no temples located in the Fillmore area I am afraid.
The Adelaide Hostel's front desk is open 24 hours.
Yes, you must be at least 18 years old.
Are there any amusement parks available in Fisherman's Wharf?
Yes, there is an elevator in the hotel.
Is there food for takeout?
Is google pay offered?
Can I find a room there that is cool?
What is the dress code at The Pawn Shop?
What is the noise level like?
What is the noise level like?
There are meeting and banquet facilities available at Gonville Hotel.
ok so there's another one it's called coit tower is that something you'd be more interested in
Does the Kitchen Story serve liquour?
All rooms at the Cova Hotel include free WiFi.
Yes, Da Vinci Pizzeria takes reservations.
Does Restaurant Alimentum offer free WiFi?
yeah here it's listed as a hotel
There is no designated smoking area at The Grove Inn
Is there parking available at the guesthouse?
May I suggest the Travelodge by Wyndham by Fisherman's Wharf?
Yes Berber offers delivery service.
High chairs are not available.
High chairs are not available.
High chairs are not available.
Club Donatello sounds good to me. Does it have a front desk that's open for 24 hours?
Can I get a zip code for that location?
This is inconclusive.
High chairs are absolutely available.
Besharam does not offer happy hour.
The View Lounge offers happy hour.
How much does it cost for parking at Admiral Hotel?
Open for: Breakfast, Brunch, Lunch, Dinner, Cocktail hour
Check-in is between 2:00 pm and 7:00 pm at this hotel.
sure the address for s. w. hotel is six one five broadway
Parking at the SW Hotel is priced at $35 per day
Are reservations accepted at Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine?
This location offers vegetarian friendly options.
Does Tacko have soy free options?
Is a smoking room available?
Does Basa Seafood Express accept Apple Pay?
What is the ambiance there?
I am on a gluten-free diet and wanted to know if you have options for me.
No, only non-smoking rooms are available.
No, Nojo Ramen Tavern does not offer take-out.
Buena Vista Motor Inn is located at 1599 Lombard Street and matches that criteria.
Yes, Karaweik Burmese Cuisine has TV.
yeah definitely i found one in pacific heights area
Dragon Beaux does not offer happy hour.
Tselogs does not offer happy hour.
The noise level is typically average at Park Tavern.
Hi, can you let me know if you have heat in the rooms?
Ebisu does not offer outdoor seating.
Traditional would be great.
Are there heated rooms available at Hotel Zephyr San Francisco?
Free WiFi is not offered at Manna.
The Cable Car - Powell/Hyde Line opens at 6 am Monday through Sunday, it closes at 12 am everyday too.
Club Donatello has an on-site restaurant and bar.
What forms of credit cards do they accept?
What forms of credit cards do they accept?
Vegetarian friendly options are not available at Restaurant One Seven.
Are there any restaurant on site available?
Zazie's dress code is casual.
There is a coffee/tea maker available for guests at Carolina Bed and Breakfast, but no kitchen.
The Bistro At The Cliff House has outdoor seating available
Does the Marcella's Lasagneria offer take-out ordering?
Is this a wheelchair accessible restaurant?
Check-in time is from 15:00 at Alexander Bed and Breakfast.
When can I check in to my room?
When can I check in to my room?
Parking is available at Zuni Cafe in their lot or on the street
Is bike parking allowed at Hard Knox Cafe?
Lands End Lookout does not offer free WiF.
Is there free parking?
Is there free parking?
Is there free parking?
Which credit cards do you take?
Which credit cards do you take?
Is there WiFi at InterContinental San Francisco?
Hi. I need to find a 2 star hotel in Union Square.
Is Graffiti vegetarian friendly?
Do you have patio seating?
Do you have patio seating?
Do you have patio seating?
Check-out time is until 10:00 a.m. at the Dakota Hostel and Hotel.
The languages spoken here are English, Spanish, Filipino, and Chinese.
What are the opening hours like at Ferry Building Marketplace?
What is the cost of private parking at this location?
Do you have live music at your restaurant?
Hi, do you guys serve alcohol there at Starbelly?
Hyatt Centric Fisherman's Wharf San Francisco does have elevators.
I can help with that. We have 11 hotels in Union Square do you have a star preference?
Marlowe's accepts credit cards.
Does the Peking Restaurant have high chairs?
Would you be interested in visiting Dragon Gate? It is a Chinatown landmark.
Yes, Hunan Home's Restaurant does have vegetarian options available.
No, Mensho Tokyo doesn't accept reservations.
There is free WiFi available at Nob Hill Hotel.
There's is a lift at Motel 6 San Francisco Downtown.
Does Kohinoor have vegetarian options on the menu?
Free wi-fi available.
Does The Rotunda offer take-out ordering?
Free WiFi is available at La Mar Cebicheria Peruana.
Is Lan Hong House wheelchair accessible?
Yes, please. Can i get their phone number?
Does Fitzgerald Hotel Union Square offer extra beds?
Yes, Kung Food takes reservations.
Does your establishment have a lift?
What adult beverages does Tartine Bakery & Cafe drink?
Can I go thru the drive-thru at Umami Burger Soma District?
Does San Francisco Dungeon offer a military discount?
Yes, can you tell me if the Winsor hotel allows smoking?
Yes, restrooms are available at China Beach.
Unfortunately extra beds are not available at this hotel.
Yes, bike parking is allowed.
Yes, bike parking is allowed.
Yes, bike parking is allowed.
Piccolo Forno does offer delivery.
Does Aliment provide Wifi?
Can I have delivered food from there?
Can I have delivered food from there?
Yes, there is parking available for both people with and without reservations.
Greek and english
Yes, Deccan Spice is a wheelchair accessible restaurant.
What payments are accepted for Cova Hotel?
Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen does not offer free WiFi.
Hi, Can you help me find a place to go in the city that has a Public Market?
Does Molinari Delicatessen have bike parking?
The rooms at El Shaddai do not have a safety deposit box.
Do you allow smoking inside your restaurant?
The Ugly Duckling accepts Visa, Mastercard and American Express.
Tortellino offers delivery service.
No, City Lights Bookstore is not wheelchair accessible.
3:00 P.M. is the earliest check-in time.
perfect and can i please have the address of that a mano
There are two good places to hike. Do you have a preference of the area?
Nojo Ramen Tavern accepts credit cards.
Ali Baba does not offer outdoor seating.
The front desk provides baggage storage service for guests.
Yes, Bulgara is good for groups.
Dogs are not allowed at Magowan's Infinite Mirror Maze.
Are high chairs available for babies at Foreign Cinema?
It is Grant Ave & Bush St
No, they are actually a 2 star motel. Shall I look again for you?
Pizzetta 211 accepts credit cards.
Does Smokin Warehouse take reservations?
I'm fine. Thank you. Can you suggest a moderately priced hotel in the same area?
Is it possible to get food delivered from Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant?
Before that, can I ask how much it costs for the wifi there?
Papito Hayes accepts both credit card and Apple pay.
Can I get delivery from Bulgara?
I have a lot of results. Is there a star rating you prefer?
Does Opa cafe have free wifi?
What other types of Landmarks are in the North Beach/Telegraph Hill area?
What time is check-in at your location?
The front desk at Limehouse is not open for 24 hours.
Does the Marcella's Lasagneria good for Groups?
Parking is only on Streets.
uhhh maybe do they uhhh do they take reservations
Can you bring a wheelchair in?
Can I request additional beds?
hamburgers sound great super duper ones especially uhhh is there a place to park my bicycle
Yes, there is bike parking available at the train station.
Take-out ordering is available at Frascati.
Does Dolores Park have bike parking?
Is there a concierge service at Lovell Lodge?
Do you provide a free breakfast?
Bike parking isn't available at Saru Sushi Bar.
Google Pay is accepted at The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen.
Are rooms at  Four Seasons Hotel San Francisco air conditioned?
Tilak offers vegan menu options.
Can I pay at Zuni Cafe with Apple Pay?
Alcohol is limited to beer and wine.
The rooms at Holiday Inn San Francisco-Golden Gateway are heated.
The Axiom Hotel is cheap and is a four star hotel does that sound good?
hi i'm planning a trip to san francisco uhhh could you please look for a restaurant called new fortune restaurant
Do you have any cooking facility available for use?
Are the rooms cleaned daily?
Are the rooms cleaned daily?
You need to make a reservation at A and B Guest House for parking.
What type of payment methods are accepted by Sutro's at The Cliff House?
Nopa is not by appointment only.
Pizza Express does not offer live music.
The noise level at Tacos El Patron Is average -- not loud, and not quiet.
hello i was wondering if you could help me find a hotel in uhhh fisherman's wharf that's uhhh moderately priced with a three star rating
No it does not offer live music.
No it does not offer live music.
How much does the WiFi at this location cost?
Nope, at this spot you must remain indoors.
I'd like a 1 star hostel please.
Can you tell me what the noise level is like there?
Does Bec Lieu Restaurant have outdoor seating available?
Does Marlowe take reservations?
When is checkout?
It will have to be cheap in North beach.
You can park your car in a garage or on the street at Exploratorium After Dark
Does the Besharam good for Groups?
Pets are not allowed to stay at the El Shaddai.
Does Berber offer take-out?
Hi, how are you? Are you guys good for dining with kids?
Does the Kitava offer take out services?
Is the restaurant family-friendly?
Facilities for people with disabilities are provided at Hotel Griffon.
Yes MichaelHouse Cafe has high chairs available.
Are the rooms at Hotel Boheme air-conditioned?
SAJJ Mediterranean does not take reservations.
Dogs are allowed at Fable.
English, Spanish, Filipino, Chinese are the languages spoken Courtyard By Marriott San Francisco Downtown/ Van Ness Ave.
The noise level at Presidio Kebab is average.
Outdoor seating is not available at Sons & Daughters.
Does The Alembic have vegetarian options?
Does Outerlands accept any alternative payments, or just traditional ones?
No, Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge does not have rooms with disability access.
Is San Francisco Dungeon a good place for kids?
Kirkwood House does not allow pets.
You can't bring your own alcohol into Royal Standard.
There is a place where smokers can smoke at A and B Guest House.
Are extra beds available for rooms?
Free WiFi is not available at Cuisine of Nepal.
Does Francisco Bay Inn have 24 hour front desk service?
Are there any nights when you have live music?
uhhh that'll work perfectly could you give me the address please
Yes Dragon Beaux has TV.
Outdoor seating is not available at Tasty Pot.
Yes, the front desk at Pacific Heights Inn by Magnuson Worldwide open for 24 hours.
What is the ambience at Cotogna?
What is the ambiance at Park Tavern?
Free WiFi is available at Motel 6 San Francisco Downtown.
Does India House serve alcohol?
Can you tell me its price range?
Do you have meeting rooms there?
Do you have meeting rooms there?
I want to see the cable car in Union Square
American Express, Visa, Master Card, Discovery Club, Discover, and Union Pay are accepted at The Wharf Inn.
Yes, you can take-out your order from Pizza Express.
Would you please describe the restaurant's ambience?
The guest rooms at the Europa Hotel are heated.
Does your hotel offer easy wheelchair access?
Kitchen Istanbul is wheelchair accessible.
Can I get the address and zip code?
Does Hilton San Francisco Union Square have meeting or banquet facilities onsite?
Yes, rooms at Andrews Hotel are heated.
Swan Oyster Depot is good for kids.
Crab House at Pier 39 is good for groups.
Cordon Bleu does not offer happy hour.
Continental breakfast options are available.
Yes, Perilla is wheelchair accessible.
Are children welcome and what is the minimum age for check in?
To check in at Arbury Lodge Guesthouse you must be 18 years old.
No, we have neither one.
Does SF Honey Pig Korean BBQ have vegan options?
What are your halal options?
What are your halal options?
What are your halal options?
Hey, are you guys a good option for dining with children?
The Ferry Building Marketplace accepts credit cards, Apple Pay and Google Pay.
Outdoor seating is not available at Han ll Kwan.
ok looks pretty close to where i need to be ummm do you know if the rooms have a heating system in it
Is Wifi available for guests?
Berber has vegan options.
Hi, I am looking for a place to eat in Mission Terrace area?
Yes, the River Bar Steakhouse and Grill has Vegetarian options.
No, Hunan Home's Restaurant does not have high chairs available for babies.
The noise level at Nopa is loud.
Morty's Delicatessen offers take-out ordering.
Are luggage storage services available at the Grant Hotel?
There is a shared kitchen available for guests at Aylesbray Lodge Guest House.
The ambience of Bon, Nene is casual, intimate and classy.
so their address is one two fourth street zip code nine four one zero three the phone number is four one five three four eight one one one one and the type of accommodation is a hotel
San Francisco Marriott Union Square has a fitness center available for use.
Does Maharajah Tandoori Restaurant offer high chairs?
What is the ambience at Franciscan Crab Restaurant?
The Tony's Pizza Napoletana has a noise level which is considered to be average.
Does CLOWNS CAFE offer halal options?
Parking is available at Street,Garage for its customers.
Credit cards are accepted at Delicious Dim Sum.
Californios takes reservations.
Do you guys have any parking there?
Bike parking is available at Nick's Crispy Tacos.
Is there TV at The Cheesecake Factory?
Shish Ke Baba does not offer happy hour.
Private parking is available without a reservation.
No, Pacific Cafe isn't good for groups.
Do you guys accept Apple Pay?
Do you guys accept Apple Pay?
Do you guys accept Apple Pay?
Yes, an elevator is available.
People cannot bring pets to Acorn Guest House.
Nandos City Cenre offers takeout ordering.
Is there a daily housekeeping service at your location?
Da Vinci Pizzeria does not have halal options.
yeah of course let me see here all right one option that is showing up it's called the rotunda is that something you might like
High chairs are available at Dumpling Kitchen.
Are all your rooms properly heated?
Is there parking available at HK Fusion?
Does Lucky Pig have high chairs available for babies?
Does Piccolo Forno have a t.v.?
Does Pharaohs Mediterranean Sandwiches offer delivery services?
Ina Coolbrith Park is located at Taylor & Vallejo Streets. How else may I assist you?
Are the rooms at the Hotel Vitale, a Joie de Vivre Hotel air conditioned?
Is there an elevator available to use at this hotel location?
Pizza Express Fen Ditton does not offer free WiFi.
Outdoor seating is not available at Bangkok City.
No, Google Pay is not accepted at this establishment.
No, Google Pay is not accepted at this establishment.
Yes, you can park at Rice Boat.
Private parking is available at the Club Quarters Hotel in San Francisco.
Sam Wo serves beer & wine only.
Yes, but beer and wine only.
Yes, the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art is nearby. Does that interest you?
Does the hotel provide breakfast for free?
Do you guys accept Google Pay?
Do you guys accept Google Pay?
American Express, Visa, and Mastercharge are accepted.
There is no bike parking at Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen.
There is no Happy Hour offered at Bac Lieu Restaurant.
The Wharf Inn has accessible parking available
Are there areas where people can smoke at Acorn Guest House?
What hours is the front desk open?
it's listed as nine four one zero seven
Bike parking is available at Taqueria Los Coyotes.
Smoking is not allowed at City Centre North B and B.
Do you offer housekeeping?
English, Spanish, Japanese, and Filipino are spoken here.
Cash and all major credit cards.
Pets are not allowed at the Europa Hostel
Will I be able to do any cooking when I stay here?
Tandoori Palace takes reservations.
Birdsong does not offer its guests outdoor seating.
The Bird has TV.
Do you have options for breakfast?
Is your place super loud?
Yes. There is street parking available.
Is the front desk at Home from Home open for 24 hours?
Hi there, Can you please help me find a nice place to stay in Union Square?
The Check-out time at the HI San Francisco Downtown Hostel is any time between 12:00am to 11:00am.
Does University Arms Hotel provide a shuttle service?
Does this hotel offer housekeeping?
Hard Knox Cafe does allow Happy Hour.
The Hyde Street Beach is in the area, on Jefferson Street.
Check-in time is at 3:00 PM.
Do you have daily housekeeping?
Do you have daily housekeeping?
Do you have daily housekeeping?
Does Souvla have wheelchair accessibility?
Nandos City Centre does not take reservations.
Apple Pay is not accepted at Loving Hut.
Yes, there is shuttle service.
Do you all have a bar?
Yes they do, a full bar
Aria Korean Street Food does not serve alcohol.
What credit cards are accepted there?
What credit cards are accepted there?
Hotel Kabuki, a Joie de Vivre Hotel has a designed smoking area.
Does Nourish Cafe accept Apple Pay?
Cash and credit cards are accepted here.
Cash and credit cards are accepted here.
Cash and credit cards are accepted here.
The Americania Hotel offers dry cleaning service for an additional charge.
Does Picaro accept Google Pay?
The cost of parking is not listed for the Amsterdam Hostel.
Kohinoor does not serve alcohol.
Can I park my bike at Hidden Garden Steps?
WiFi is available in all areas for a cost of USD 17.47 per 24 hours at Americania Hotel.
Bike parking is not listed as one of Souvla's amenities.
Do all of the dishes have meat in them?
Which cards do you accept?
vegan dishes are offered.
Can you pick us up at the airport?
De Afghanan Kabob House do not offer WiFi.
Are meeting rooms available at the hotel?
Is take-out ordering available?
Is take-out ordering available?
Daily housekeeping is available at the inn
Is there free Wifi available?
Is there free Wifi available?
Don Pasquale Pizzeria does not offer delivery services.
There is a designated smoking area at European Hostel.
How much is onsite parking?
Do you accept credits cards or Apple Pay?
Is there life option?
The check-out time at this hotel is 11am.
Foreign Cinema does not have happy hour.
Ocean Beach does allow you to bring dogs.
Fitzgerald Hotel Union Squares accepts American Express, Visa, MasterCard, Diners Club International, JCB, and Discover Card as forms of payment.
Anatolia is not accessible via a wheelchair.
Yes, military discounts are offered at the Cartoon Art Museum.
Can I request an extra bed when I stay here?
Yes, the attraction is good for kids.
Yes, the attraction is good for kids.
The Pawn Shop restaurant does not allow dogs.
Do you take reservations?
Do you take reservations?
Do you take reservations?
Do you take reservations?
Do you take reservations?
Do you take reservations?
Do you take reservations?
Do you take reservations?
Do you take reservations?
Do you take reservations?
Do you take reservations?
Do you take reservations?
Do you take reservations?
Do you take reservations?
Do you take reservations?
Do you take reservations?
Do you take reservations?
Do you take reservations?
Do you take reservations?
Do you take reservations?
Do you take reservations?
Do you take reservations?
Do you take reservations?
Do you take reservations?
Do you take reservations?
Do you take reservations?
Do you take reservations?
Do you take reservations?
Do you take reservations?
Do you take reservations?
Do you take reservations?
Do you take reservations?
Do you take reservations?
Do you take reservations?
Do you take reservations?
Do you take reservations?
Do you take reservations?
Do you take reservations?
Do you take reservations?
Do you take reservations?
Check-in is front 3:00 p.m. to 11:00 p.m at the Hayes Valley Inn.
Check out time is 12.00 PM at Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Downtown/Van Ness Ave.
Sushirrito does not accept Cryptocurrency.
Is parking available at Nob Hill Hotel?
Do you have mixed drinks at your restaurant?
The ambience at Brazen Head is intimate and classy.
There is a gym at the Cambridge Belfry.
Visa, Mastercard, and American Express are available payment options.
Is a security deposit required at Allenbell?
What is the zip code there?
What breakfast options are available?
No, B on the Go does not serve alcohol.
Do you have an onsite fitness center?
Do you have an onsite fitness center?
SW Hotel does offer extra beds when requested.
Is Painted Ladies wheelchair accessible?
Can I get an order for my dog if I bring him?
Does the Kaiju Eats Ramen and Izakaya serve Alcohol?
Are room service provided at the Inn?
Is there any fitness gym on site?
Does  The Aria Korean Street Food serve alcohol?
Check-out time at Comfort Inn By the Bay Hotel San Francisco is 12:00pm.
Is housekeeping available while I'm staying there?
No, Hampton Inn San Francisco Downtown/Convention Center does not have a designated smoking area.
Smokin' Warehouse Barbecue - Sacramento Street is a alcohol free establishment.
Does Finches Bed and Breakfast offer concierge service?
Free WiFi is available at Kasa Indian Eatery.
Rajmahal is not wheelchair accessible.
yes the front desk is open 24 hours a day






Are there any 3 star expensive hotels?
Can I have extra beds in my room?
What time is check out at Inn on Folsom?
Is there baggage storage?
Is the Concierge service available at San Francisco Marriott Fisherman's Wharf?
Is BYOB welcomed there?
Yes, the restaurant does take reservations.
Does Lucky Pig have vegan options?
Pier Market Seafood Restaurant serves a full bar.
Pica Pica Arepa Kitchen serves beer and wine only.
What is the ambience of Amarena?
Bike parking is availabe at Perilla.
Does The Travelodge by Wyndham Presidio San Francisco offer any extra beds?
What kind of ambience do you have?
This property serves a continental breakfast daily.
Of course. There are a large number of Union Square hotels. What is the price range that you would prefer?
What payment methods does Chiquito Restaurant Bar accept?
Dogs are not allowed at Bistro At The Cliff House.
There is free off-street parking.
There is free off-street parking.
Pizzetta 211 does not accept Apple Pay.
What is the noise level at Champa Garden?
The King George offers free WiFi.
Is there private parking at Signature San Francisco?
Do you offer additional beds for children?
The Aylesbray Lodge Guest House does not provide daily housekeeping service.
Do you take parking reservations?
Room service is not available at Archway House.
Hey, do you guys accept any Cryptocurrency for payment there?
Is there a kitchen available for guests at the Kirkwood House?
There is no parking at The Grove Inn.
Does Coqueta take reservations?
How is the ambience of New Eritrea Restaurant & Bar?
Yes, the restaurant is good for kids.
Yes, the restaurant is good for kids.
Yes, the restaurant is good for kids.
Yes, the restaurant is good for kids.
Does Europa Hotel offer extra beds?
Roma Antica offers delivery service.
No MaMa Ji's  doesn't offer free WiFi.
Is bike parking available at Baker Beach?
Yes, this restaurant currently provides WiFi service.
Can you tell me if True Laurel accepts credit cards?
What is the noise level at Bac Lieu Restaurant?
Free private parking, secured parking and accessible parking are available.
Is there a place for smokers at your location?
Yes, the restaurant offers take-out ordering.
Yes, the restaurant offers take-out ordering.
Yes, the restaurant offers take-out ordering.
Is Nojo Ramen Tavern a good place for kids?
Hey, what's the noise level usually like there?
Hey, what's the noise level usually like there?
Can we dine outside at the Saint Johns Chop House?
Exploratorium After Dark accepts Google Pay.
The Caffe Uno does not offer free WiFi.
Bay Bridge Inn San Francisco does not offer shuttle service.
What credit cards are accepted for payment?
We accept only Mastercard and Visa at Riverside Brasserie.
Are reservations for parking required at this location?
Is delivery offered at Atleier Crenn.
It should be an inn with a 1 star rating.
Anchor Oyster Bar does not have outdoor seating.
Loving Hut has bike parking.
I am looking for Art Museum. Once found please provide me the zip code.
Does YH-Beijing have street parking?
Bellota does not have a TV in it's place.
It will range from $16 to $78 a day depending on the bike you choose. Can I assist you with any other things?
The True Laurel restaurant offers take out service.
The noise level at Pho 2000 is average.
Dragon Beaux is good for kids. The staff is friendly and the atmosphere is nicer than a lot of restaurants in town.
Is there a happy hour at Pakwan Restaurant?
Does The Front Porch take reservations?
The information is not available online.
Is the front desk open 24 hours at the Archway House?
Yes free wifi is available
No, dogs are prohibited at Hot Sauce and Panko.
Is Kim Son Vietnamese Restaurant good for groups?
Admission is free for children and $15 for adults.
What is the check out time?
Yes, fitness center and gym are available onsite.
Does The Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen offer free WiFi?
Yes, I am looking for a hotel in Union Square with a 4 star rating.
Does this location have designated smoking areas?
Are pets allowed to stay for free?
Yes, King George has a concierge at the front desk.
Takara Sushi accepts Credit Cards.
Can I park my bike at Cable Car Museum?
Sorry, there is no Fisherman's Wharf hostel fitting that description. Would you like to modify the search?
Onsite private parking is available for $59.00 per day.
I was wondering, do you have outside seating available?
The Hotpot does not have gluten free options.
Yes, they provide room service.
Yes, they provide room service.
Yes, they provide room service.
Does Nourish Cafe accept cryptocurrency?
Hey, do you guys do any vegan dishes there?
University Arms Hotel does not have rooms with disability access.
Yes, Thanh Binh has vegetarian friendly options.
the Layne Hotel is a Smoke free Property
Is there a pace to park my bike at Khamsa?
Yes, there is street parking at this restaurant.
Yes, alcohol is available in the menu.
Do you have Wi-Fi onsite?
The rooms at Lombard Plaza Motel are heated.
Does the La Mediterranee allows dogs?.
Does Tartine Bakery & Cafe do take-out?
Is Pizzetta 211 good for a group?
Orange Village Hostel has a lift.
Good day, I wanted to know if you guys accept Apple Pay.
At Sam Wo Restaurant you can use a wheelchair with ease.
Does Kimpton Buchanan Hotel offer luggage storage?
There are extra charges for pets at the Laurel Inn, a Joie de Vivre Hotel
Burma Love is wheelchair accessible.
a dry cleaning service is available at Hotel Del Sol, a Joie de Vivre Hotel for a fee
Does Bulgara have bike parking?
Is alcohol served at Bac Lieu Restaurant?
WARKWORTH HOUSE do not offer extra beds.
Is take out possible at Burma Love?
Yes, Ben Thai Cafe is wheelchair accessible.
Is Helmand Palace a good restaurant for groups?
Yes there are rooms with disability access.
Yes there are rooms with disability access.
Is there live music at Ali Baba?
Good evening, do you guys have any vegetarian dishes there?
Does Galleria have high chairs for my baby?
Does Uno Dos Tacos take reservations?
There is live music at this restaurant.
Does Grubbin' have tv?
Yes, takeout options are available.
Parking is available for $30.95 per day at Grant Plaza Hotel.
Is this a group restaurant for groups?
You may not smoke at the Aylesbray Lodge Guest House.
Is baggage storage available?
Is baggage storage available?
Is baggage storage available?
Is baggage storage available?
Would you consider this a Local Flavor destination?
Does the Pushkin offer Bike Parking?
Im looking more for a moderate Motel with a 2 star rating.
Does Cuisine of Nepal have happy hour specials?
Do you have safety boxes available for use during my stay?
Does Leopold's have television for it's customers to watch?
Does Good Mong Kok Bakery offer happy hour?
Do they offer delivery service?
Yes, Tasty Pot offers take-out ordering.
Can I order off the menu for delivery?
How much is an hour of wifi?
Is Crepes On Cole a good place for kids?
Does Stazione Restaurant and Coffee Bar have free WiFi?
Does Cotogna accept credit cards?
No, Ask Restaurant does not offer halal options.
Hey, can you tell me if you guys take Google Pay?
No, unfortunately there is no bike parking at Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine.
Yes, this restaurant offers a full bar with alcoholic drinks.
Curry Prince does not offer free WiFi.
Desmond hotel provides an airport shuttle for an additional charge.
Does Hotel Boheme have fitness center or gym onsite?
Danish, English, Spanish, French, Italian, Chinese, and Japanese are spoken at Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf.
How about Baker Beach, would you like to know more?
The Golden House has no outdoor seats.
Yes, this facility is good for kids.
Yes, this facility is good for kids.
sure no problem let me see what's available in the marina moderately priced i do have a place called brazen head
hey i'm planning a trip to san francisco i need some help uhhh can you recommend a place in the embarcadero area that has like a local vibe it's a hip hang out spot for locals
Tartine Bakery & Cafe is loud.
Do you have rooms to accommodate additional guests?
Sutro's at The Cliff House does not accept Apple Pay.
Cupid's Span is an outdoor sculpture that you may enjoy. Do you have any other questions?
DO you guys take credit cards?
If we have a guest in a wheelchair, are there rooms to accommodate them?
Is there a baggage storage service at Hayes Valley Inn?
the uhh now let's talk about food is there somewhere to dine in that area that serves sandwiches and that is a uhhh moderately priced
Yes, Pampanguena Cuisine takes reservations.
Heating is available in the rooms at the Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf.
What is the dress code at Starbelly?
The Cow Hollow Inn and Suites accepts Mastercard, Visa and American Express.
There is free wifi.
Does University Arms Hotel have luggage storage?
The languages spoken at Golden Gate Hotel are English, German, French and Spanish.
Extra beds are not available at the Allenbell.
Is Saigon Sandwich a good place to have a meeting, or is it noisy?
Is breakfast included in the stay?
Is WiFi available at A Mano?
Does Birdsong take reservations?
Are meeting and banquet facilities available at this hotel?
Can I reserve a seat on the train?
Is there a security deposit or damage deposit needed at Columbus Inn?
Does Bursa take American Express?
Hey, can you tell me if you guys are wheelchair accessible?
No, the COTTO facility does not have Halal dietary options.
Do you serve alcohoL?
Do you serve alcohoL?
How noisy is Foreign Cinema?
Is there BYOB?
Is there BYOB?
Is there BYOB?
Corridor Restaurant does not have outdoor seating.
Pho Huynh Hiep 2 - Kevin's Noodle House has high chairs available for babies.
Marufuku Ramen SF does not offer Happy Hour.
Does THE GARDENIA allow BYOB option to their guests?
Ugly Duckling does not offer delivery service.
Pets are not allowed at City Centre North B and B.
Hi. I'm looking for someplace in Fisherman's Wharf that has Art. Can you recommend something?
Is smoking allowed in rooms or anywhere on the property?
Are any of those hotels in the cheap or moderate price range?
Vegan foods is offered at Saucy Asian.
ok one last question what's the zip code
Octavia serves Beer & Wine only.
Franciscan Crab Restaurant is good for kids.
Warkworth House does not have any meeting or banquet facilities.
Do you have any tables big enough for a group of twelve?
There is no tv.
There is no tv.
Are there vegan options at Glaze Teriyaki?
What credit cards are accepted at your location?
Do you charge for parking at Travelodge by Wyndham Presidio San Francisco?
What is the zip code for the location?
do they take apple pay?
Beer and wine is served at Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine.
How is the ambience of Tacorea?
Are credit cards accepted as payment?
Yes, Embarcadero Waterfront is good for kids.
No, Acorn Guest House does not have an age restriction for check-in.
of course the zip code there is nine four one zero two
Yes, Bizza currently offers vegan friendly options.
Souvla isn't a dog friendly zone.
Do you have menu items suitable for vegetarians?
The Fly Trap offers vegan friendly options.
Pets are not allowed to stay at Nob Hill Motor Inn.
Attire is casual at Macella's Lasagneria.
Are there dry cleaning services on site?
THERE IS NO PRIVATE PARKING AT THE WILLOWS INN.
check in at Francisco Bay Inn is 3pm
Yes, this hotel offers meeting and banquet facilities at an additional cost.
Deccan Spice has TV.
There are ten options in North Beach. Is there a certain type of food or a price point you're interested in?
Can I park by bike at Souvla?
The Alexander Bed and Breakfast does not offer 24-hour front desk.
alcohol is not served at this hotel
Is Kin Khao wheelchair accessible?
The Taboun is good for kids.
Yes, can I have their address?
Yes, there are over a dozen. Is there a street you would like to stay on?
What are the operating hours for the Oakland Museum of California?
Do you have delivery options?
Halal options are not offered at Rajmahal.
Do you switch out towels daily?
Is there any age restriction to check-in at Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Union Square?
The Hotel Du Vin and Bistro does not offer delivery service.
Yes, you will pay a security deposit of $150 upon arrival.
Swan Oyster Depot does offer delivery.
Does The Snug offer live music?
The Cambridge Chop House has gluten free options.
Hi. I'm interested in finding a Zoo in the Lakeshore area.
Does The Swan Oyster Depot offer take-out?
I'm sorry, there are no hostels either in those locations. What else may I find for you?
Is smoking allowed anywhere?
Shuttle service is not provided by HAMILTON LODGE.
Wifi is free at the Lensfield Hotel.
The address is 1 Ferry Building.
Baker Beach is open from 6AM to 7PM every day of the week.
Are the onsite restraint located at the site?
Is delivery and take-out offered at Foreign Cinema?
Does Underdogs Too have a TV?
I'm not seeing anything meeting your criteria. Do you want to try a different star rating?
Are dogs allowed at La Taqueria?
there are not designated smoking areas at InterContinental San Francisco
Are all rooms heated?
The noise level at Balompie Cafe is average.
Fog Harbor Fish House is smoke free.
Hi, can help please help me find a place to go in Mission?
Check-in starts at 5pm.
Yes, there is heating available.
Axiom Hotel doesn't serve breakfast unfortunately.
Does this site have any vegetarian food?
Does this site have any vegetarian food?
Does this site have any vegetarian food?
Does this site have any vegetarian food?
Does this site have any vegetarian food?
Yes, Hard Knox Cafe does have TVs.
Yes, The Clift Royal Sonesta San Francisco provides room serivice.
What time is guest checkout?
Is there somewhere for me to park my bike?
Archway House does not have accessible parking
I want to see art in Union Square
What time does it close then?
Rooster & Rice does not accept Google Pay.
Yes, this restaurant is friendly to vegetarians.
Yes, Manna does have high chairs for babies to use.
Is Batteries to Bluffs Trail good for kids?
The Taj Campton Place does not require a security deposit.
BYOB is not available at J RESTAURANT.
Cote has gluten-free options.
No, as pets are not allowed here.
I'm trying to locate an art museum in Russian Hill.
La Mediterranee serves beer and wine only.
Taboun accepts credit cards.
Travellers best does not offer halal options, sorry.
Yes. Pampanguena Cuisine have TV.
Yes, Express by Holdiay Inn Cambridge provides daily housekeeping service.
Do you have on-site parking?
Check-in time at the Club Quarters Hotel in San Francisco is 3:00 PM.
RICE HOUSE does not have high chairs available for babies.
Kaiju Eats Ramen and Izakaya does offer free WiFi.
Televisions are not played at the Aziza.
Is there  a fitness center at Hotel Zoe Fisherman's Wharf?
Does Nojo Ramen Tavern offer take-out?
What are Golden Gate Bridge's opening hours?
Do you guys have wi-fi?
The Saigon Sandwich restaurant does not accept Google Pay.
Are dogs allowed at Bella Trattoria?
The Alembic accepts credit cards.
No Kitchen Istanbul doesn't accept Google Pay.
Is parking available at A Desi Cafe?
Yes, I would like to visit a zoo in San Francisco.
Karaweik Burmese Cuisine ambience is Classy.
Leopold's does not offer delivery service.
Hi do you require a certain dress code?
Yes, try looking for a place in the same area with Bed and breakfast with a star of 3. Also provide me with the address and confirmation number.
Is there a designated area for parking at your place?
Are there any safety deposit box?
Are there any safety deposit box?
A security deposit of GBP 20 per stay is required for staying at WORTH HOUSE.
The Liholiho Yacht Club does not allow dogs.
The View Lounge has a full bar.
Yes, the minimum age for check-in is 18.
Yes, the minimum age for check-in is 18.
Check-in time is from 4:00 p.m.
Are pets allowed to stay with me?
What time can I get into my room?
Yes the Monarch Hotel provides an airport shuttle for an additional charge.
I would prefer Fisherman's Wharf.
Kasa Indian Eatery offers outdoor seating.
Can I get a beer there?
Are there seating for kids and babies?
Pets are not allowed at the Amsterdam Hostel
Can you find me an American restaurant in that case?
Free WiFi is available the The Grove Inn.
Gluten free options are available
CITY CENTRE NORTH B AND B does not have extra beds available.
The Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen is wheelchair accessible.
yes, daily house keeping at an additional charge
Free WiFi is offered at Holiday Inn Express San Francisco-Union Square.
Happy hour is available at Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine.
I have Ina Coolbrith Park for you in Russian Hill.
Do you know if 7D Experience has bike parking?
Yes. You park your bike at Tony's Pizza Napoletana.
Does The Willows Inn have parking?
There is a free breakfast buffet available.
Can I order food to go?
Can I order food to go?
Can I order food to go?
Tselogs does not take reservations
Excellent, could you also tell me whether Dragon Gate is accessible for folks in wheelchairs?
Kung Food does offer delivery services.
Tacorea does not have outdoor seats. I guess they can't afford them.
Is there a parking lot at the Cellarmaker House of Pizza?
Do you offer happy hour pricing?
The Carolina Bed and Breakfast does not have accessible parking.
also i was wondering if you can ummm recommend a place some kind of landmark in uhhh in san francisco
Can I request extra beds when I check in?
Tandoori Palace is vegetarian friendly.
The White Swan Inn offers WiFi for $15 per 24 hours.
does The Alembic accept reservations?
Yes, gluten free options are offered.
Yes, gluten free options are offered.
The Golden Gate Hotel accepts all major credit cards
Is your facility wheelchair accessible?
Is your facility wheelchair accessible?
Is your facility wheelchair accessible?
Does Kim Son Vietnamese Restaurant offer vegan friendly options?
Yes, Sushirrito accepts Apple Pay.
No, it's a smoke-free property.
Does the Argonaut Hotel have designated smoking areas?
Does Uncle boys take apple pay or credit cards?
Holiday Inn San Francisco - Golden Gateway has meeting or banquet facilities onsite.
Are dogs allowed at Chancellor Hotel?
There is free WiFi at Laurel Inn, a Joie de Vivre Hotel.
Can I get the address, phone number and zip code of the attraction?
Is there any security deposit required to stay at Hyatt Regency San Francisco?
Unfortunately, no information is available concerning happy hour for this restaurant.
What kinds of alcohol do you serve?
There are no high chairs available for babies at SHANGHAI FAMILY RESTAURANT.
You can not bring your own bottle at Tang Chinese.
What time is the check in for this Comfort Inn location?
hi i'm looking to plan a trip to san francisco uhhh do you know where i could find a nice art museum
Berber is not good for kids.
The Stem Kitchen & Garden does have TV.
WiFi is available at the Hyatt Place San Francisco/Downtown and is free of charge to guests.
Yes  Liholiho Yacht Club is wheelchair accessible.
Yes, I'd like to find an attraction in the Marina area as well.
Kymmoy serves alcoholic beverage.
A Mano has street parking.
I was wondering if you have wifi there?
Are there designated smoking areas at Archway House?
Does the PIZZA EXPRESS have outdoor seating?.
No extra beds are available.
The zip code for Alamo Square is 94115.
Foreign Cinema is by appointment only.
You may not park your car on the The Mrs. Doubtfire House property.
Is apple pay accepted there?
Yes I can do that. I will make a reservation under the name Sally.
Is bike parking available at Ferry Building Bike Rentals?
La Mediterranee accepts credit cards.
How noisy is Woodhouse Fish?
sure let me check that for you. all right so based on the data base it does not say whether they do or if they don't require an appointment to go there
Is there parking available at your restaurant?
English, Spanish, Thai, Filipino, and Chinese are spoken at Grant Hotel.
Does Sutro's at The Cliff House offer take-out ordering?
Check in time is 14:00 to 18:30.
Is takeout available at Thai House Express?
Does State Bird Provisions accept Google Pay?
Can you tell me where to park at your location?
Do you serve any alcohol?
Do you serve any alcohol?
This hotel offers free daily housekeeping.
PARKING IS NOT AVAILABLE AT HI SAN FRANCISCO CITY CENTER HOSTEL.
Tselogs accepts Google Pay, Apple Pay, and credit cards.
Generally Air conditioned.
Is there daily housekeeping at the Hotel Vitale, a Joie de Vivre Hotel?
sure let me check yes there is the haas-lilienthal house
What does it cost to get into 7D Experience?
Little Gem offers delivery service.
Is smoking allowed at this hotel?
Do you offer off-street parking?
Rooster & Rice does not accept Apple Pay.
English, Spanish, Italian, Japanese, Portuguese, Filipino, and Chinese are spoken at the Hilton Parc 55 San Francisco Union Square.
How many parking options are at the Caffe Uno?
I want to dine out in Fisherman's Wharf
Does The Bird serve alcohol?
do you have a full bar
Is your dinner service kid-friendly?
Then Nick's Crispy Tacos is where you'll want to go. Can I give you the address?
I have a cat and want to know if pets are allowed?
Farm: Table does accept Apple Pay.
The hotel staff speak six different languages: English,Spanish,French,Japanese,Filipino, andChinese.
Does  Warakubune Sushi offer take-out ordering?
Does the Civic Center Motor Inn have a smoking area?
You can park your car at Rosa's Bed and Breakfast.
Wifi is free.
Is the Front Porch good place for groups?
Is take-out ordering available at Super Duper Burgers?
Is there any conference room available?
Frankie and Benny's has high chairs available for babies.
Meghan does not offer BYOB.
Is this a kid friendly place?
Is this a kid friendly place?
Is this a kid friendly place?
Do you have onsite parking available for guests?
What credit cards are accepted for payment at this place?
How is the noise level at Mama's On Washington Square?
Are dogs allowed at Zuni Cafe?
Is Alexander Steakhouse good for groups?
CITY STOP RESTAURANT does not offer vegeterian friendly options.
The noise level at Pampanguena Cuisine is average.
Do you take bitcoin?
Do you take bitcoin?
There are 22 total choices to select from. Andrews Hotel, for instance, is located at 624 Post Street with a phone number of (415) 563-6877.
Street Parking is available at Bursa
Are the rooms in the Inn heated.
Beit Rima is good for kids
Can you smoke there?
Parking costs $25 per day at this property.
Is Underdogs Too a good place to bring children?
free wifi is available at Admiral Hotel
free wifi is available at Admiral Hotel
There are no designated smoking areas at Club Quarters Hotel in San Francisco.
Sorry, Unfortunately ASK RESTAURANT does not permit any of their customers to BYOB at this time.
I have a group of 10, can you accomadate?
Ocean Beach is open 24 hours, 7 days a week.
yes, what is the address and zip code.
Yes, The 16th Avenue Tiled Steps are good for kids.
The Phoenix Hotel provides dry cleaning service for an additional charge.
The WiFi is free for guests at the Civic Motor Inn.
Thai Time Restaurant serves beer and wine only.
Can I watch Sunday afternoon football on TV at Nojo Ramen?
Delivery service is not offered at Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton.
How is the noise level at Rusty's Southern?
Does Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant take reservations?
Curry King does not offer the halal option.
Sure! The address is 1096 Point Lobos Ave 94121.
The Halal Guys do not have TV available.
No, Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen does not serve alcohol.
Do you have kid options?
Finches Bed and Breakfast does not have a designated smoking area.
El Shaddai does not have any room with disability access.
Is parking available at El Farolito?
Do you all have private parking?
No free wifi is offered at Smokin' Warehouse Barbecue.
Seven Hills serves beer and wine only.
Hi, can you please help me find a nice place to go in Fisherman's Wharf?
Does it have any restaurant onsite?
No.Plaj Scandinavian Restaurant & Bar is not accepting Apple Pay.
Do they offer free wifi?
The Dakota Hostel and Hotel offers luggage storage
It has meeting and banquet facilities for an extra charge
The GrilledCheezGuy does not have TV.
the zip code is nine four one three two
Benu takes reservations.
Kohimoor does not have take-out ordering.
Does Golden Wok have live music?
The Wharf Inn does not have any meeting/banquet facilities.
You do not need to make a reservation in advance for parking at the Travelodge by Wyndham San Francisco Central.
How much does an admission ticket to the Museum Of 3D Illusions cost for both an adult and a child?
Dogs are not allowed at Rintaro.
Do you have rooms for the disabled?
ok uhhh perfect uhhh is there any landmark in the same area that i could also check out
No safety deposit boxes are provided here.
Yes, you can visit Cathedral of Saint Mary of the Assumption.
Does the Lucky Pig have parking available.
When is check out at Carolina Bed and Breakfast?
Yes, the restaurant is vegetarian friendly .
Does Nopa have drive thru service?
Do you have any places for meetings?
Hey, do you guys have a full bar there?
Hey, do you guys have a full bar there?
German, English, Polish, Portuguese are spoken at Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge.
Maharajah Tandoori Restaurant has a full bar with alcoholic drinks.
Rintaro does not accept Apple Pay.
What food options are available at the hotel?
No, Oasis Cafe doesn't offer delivery service.
Yes, what's their ZIP code?
No, the museum does not accept Google Pay.
Smoking is not allowed here.
Smoking is not allowed here.
You accept credit cards?
Do you offer baggage storage services?
The Plaj Scandinavian Restaurant & Bar does offer vegan friendly options.
Luggage storage is available at Amsterdam Hostel.
The noise level at the Oasis Cafe is rated as quiet.
DO you have take out?
Is your front desk open all the time?
do you accept Apple pay
No lift is available at Alpha-Milton Guest House.
Cable Car Museum is good for kids.
What credit cards are accepted at Nineteen 06 Mission?
Yes, do you want to check out Madame Tussauds San Francisco?
Twin Peaks is good for kids.
HI San Francisco Downtown Hostel has 3 stars. Would that work for you?
Is there outdoor seating available?
Is there outdoor seating available?
Is there outdoor seating available?
Is there outdoor seating available?
Is there outdoor seating available?
Is there outdoor seating available?
Is there outdoor seating available?
Is there outdoor seating available?
Craftsman and Wolves does have outdoor seating.
Does Lombard Plaza Motel have room service?
San Francisco Dungeon does not offer free WiFi.
yes it is open 24hours
The Melt - 455 Market accepts Apple Pay.
Hi, can you please help me find a Visitor Center in the Marina/Cow Hollow area?
This hotel accepts American Express, MasterCard, and Visa credit cards.
Is my poodle allowed at Starbelly?
Does the Inn have WiFi?
Is smoking permitted?
What are the payment methods available at Picaro?
What languages are spoken at Lovell Lodge?
Is this a good place to come with my kids?
Does your restaurant have high chairs?
Are groups of people allowed there?
Yes, every room has air-conditioning.
You cannot BYOB at Kohinoor.
What payment options does The Dumpling Kitchen accept?
A shared kitchen is available for guest at the City Centre North B and B.
Brenda's French Soul Food does not accept Apple Pay.
The Thai House Express does allow for street parking.
Underdogs Too has high chairs available for babies.
Take-out ordering is offered at Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen.
yeah it sounds interesting uhhh what's the price range the address and the zip code for that one
Does Cova Hotel have a fitness center?
Thanks. What's the address and zip code there?
Underdogs Too does offer free WiFi service.
No, Tony's Pizza Napoletana doesn't provide free WiFi.
yeah that'd be great
The front desk at the Francisco Bay Inn is open 24 hours per day.
Are there halal items on the menu?
Is there a lift at Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf?
Burmese Kitchen accepts credit cards.
Are dogs allowed at CatHead's BBQ?
Is dry cleaning offered at Gonville Hotel?
Does the Ask Restaurant serve Alcohol?
WiFi is not available at Proposition Chicken.
Pica Pica Arepa Kitchen does not take reservations.
perfect thanks ummm and do you know if that's a good place to bring kids do they have like a play set
Would I be able to bring my dog there?
I'll be going to San Francisco. I heard about a local place called Mission.
Does Kasa Indian Eatery offer outdoor seating?
What form of ordering is there?
Hi! I'm looking for a place to go in Corona Heights.
Bite doesn't support Apple Pay, but it accepts Credit cards.
Little Seoul is not wheelchair accessible.
A 50% Non-Refundable deposit is required at Aylesbray Lodge Guest House.
Do you offer Halal menu options?
Is there a restaurant at Kimpton Buchanan Hotel?
The Presidio is a dog friendly zone.
No, they are closed until April 7.
Do the rooms get cleaned daily?
Does Royal Spice have wheelchair access?
The ambience at Perilla is casual.
Does Chancellor Hotel on Union Square have fitness center or gym onsite?
Is there a shuttle service available?
The WiFi is available for all for free.
Can you give me all the parking information there?
Does Thai House Express have free Wifi?
Private parking is available onsite at this hotel.
There's no storage for luggage at this place.
What is the ambience at Hope & Hominy?
Visa, Mastercard, Amex and Discover.
Is Google Pay taken at Rintaro?
I have three results. Would you be interested in municipal pier? It's an aquatic park pier.
I need to get the parking details for Dolores Park.
Pizzeria Delfina - Pacific Heights does offer take-out ordering.
Yes, San Francisco Marriott Union Square offers WiFi for USD 14.95 per 24 hours.
Reservations are not needed for parking at The Willows Inn.
Yes, The Fairmont Heritage Place Ghirardelli Square provides baggage storage.
What kind of pay is accepted/
Google Pay is not available at Rusty's Southern.
Will you describe the general ambience of the restaurant, please?
Are cots available?
I prefer modern art.
Outerlands does have bike parking.
Does Pizzetta 211 have vegeterian friendly options?
Pakwan Restaurant doesn't offer reservation service for its customers.
No, Pampanguena Cuisine does not offer free WiFi.
Can I ask for an extra bed?
Can I ask for an extra bed?
ok great thanks uhhh do you know what their wi-fi there costs
Accessible parking is not available at Cityroomz.
Pharaohs Mediterranean Sandwiches is good for groups.
Live music isn't offered at Yu Garden.
Is there outdoor seating available at Foreign Cinema?
A and B Guest House does not offer a fitness center or gym.
Kasa Indian Eatery offers high chair for seating.
There is street parking at YH-Beijing.
The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar does not offer delivery service.
Good afternoon, do you guys take reservations?
Is Tartine Bakery & Cafe good for groups?
There are quite a few moderate hotels in Union Square, do you have a star preference?
HI San Francisco City Center Hostel accepts most major credit cards.
Can we dine outside at A Desi Cafe?
This restaurant is vegetarian friendly.
This restaurant is vegetarian friendly.
Where can i park my car at Motel 6 San Francisco Downtown?
sure price range is moderate here
The hotel accepts Carte Blanche, JCB, Mastercard, Visa and Discover.
Does Nopalito have reservation service?
Does Marnee Thai offer parking?
Piccino does not offer happy hour.
Are rooms air conditioned?
Are rooms air conditioned?
Are rooms air conditioned?
Are rooms air conditioned?
Are rooms air conditioned?
Are rooms air conditioned?
Are rooms air conditioned?
Are rooms air conditioned?
Are rooms air conditioned?
Are rooms air conditioned?
Are rooms air conditioned?
Are rooms air conditioned?
Are rooms air conditioned?
Reserving parking is not necessary for guests at the Oasis Inn.
Can I get the zip code please?
Does your establishment cater to groups?
Does your establishment cater to groups?
Does Bridge Guest House allow smoking?
Outdoor seating is available at Bay Subs & Deli.
Yes, they provide Wi-fi free of charge.
the ambience is classy and upscale
What is the security deposit at Desmond Hotel?
Bike parking is available at Marufuku Ramen SF.
Is Clarion Alley wheelchair accessible?
Is the WiFi an extra charge at your location?
Street parking is available for cars at Piccolo Forno.
Is Underdogs Too good for groups?
Where are vehicles parked at this location?
Do you have a take out options?
Yes, this property has a 24-hour front desk.
What kind of atmosphere is Brenda's Meat & Three?
Does Eraina have vegetarian options?
Sessions at the Presidio serves alcohol from a full bar
Free private parking is available at this Days Inn.
Uno Dos Tacos has outdoor seats.
Does the Comfort Inn By the Bay Hotel San Francisco offer any kind of kitchen for guests?
Does Inn on Broadway offer WiFi service?
yeah totally i see two hotels the s. w. hotel and the orchard garden hotel which i recommend
Does White Swan Inn provide any extra beds upon request?
Do you offer delivery or would I have to find a third party?
Yes, takeout is available at Bella Trattoria.
Roma Antica offers vegeterian friendly options.
The Halal Guys do not have outdoor seats.
Do you have a way to keep my bags after checkout if I'm staying over for a few hours?
Do you have a way to keep my bags after checkout if I'm staying over for a few hours?
What's the noise level at Frisco Fried?
Cinderella Bakery & Cafe does allow dogs.
Yes Dry cleaning provided Service.
Ambience is casual at Super Pan.
What's the ambience of Octavia?
7D Experience has street parking.
Apple Pay is not accepted at Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen.
The Burmese Kitchen is a good place to bring kids.
Does Cinderella Bakery & Cafe offer outdoor seating?
No they do not serve any type of alcohol.
Do you guys offer take out ordering?
Do you guys offer take out ordering?
Is your front desk open all night?
Hi, is there a TV available to watch there?
Sounds good, but can I bring my dog?
Do you accept reservations for dinner?
Cryptourrency is not accepted at Pacific Cafe.
The Hotel Boheme is a smoke-free property.
Does Noe's Nest Bed and Breakfast offer a concierge service?
Alexander's Steakhouse accepts reservations.
Alpha-Milton Guest House does not have disability access.
Rusty's Southern does offer free WiFi.
The dress code at Musee Mecanique is casual.
Yes, Kin Khao is good for groups.
Is Walt Disney Family Museum a good place for kids?
You cannot have pets at Arbury Lodge Guesthouse.
No, Nandos doesn't offer delivery.
Inn San Francisco offers continental, gluten-free, and buffet breakfast options.
How old do you have to be to get a room there?
Can I make reservations for Umami Burger Soma District?
Club Donatello is a place that fits what you are looking for.
Does your hotel offer concierge services?
Does Burma Love have bike racks?
Do you have take-out ordering?
The Aylesbray Lodge Guest House does not provide concierge service.
No, outdoor seating is not available at Hard Knox Cafe.
Yes, this cafe currently provides vegan options.
Hello.  Do you offer free wifi for your guests?
The Sumac does offer take-out ordering.
What is the noise level?
Stazione Restaurant and Coffee Bar is not wheelchair accessible.
Yes, Brenda's Meat & Three is good for kids.
The restaurant Tortellino accepts Apple Pay.
Does Manna have happy hour?
Yes, CURRY KING has a vegetarian friendly menu.
Does Americania Hotel have any room with disability access?
Luggage storage is available at the Gonville Hotel.
Yes. Look at the 2 star hotel.
Are dogs allowed at Oasis Cafe?
I need a public market in Chinatown
Yes, The Ramp offers takeout.
Room service is not provided here.
yeah of course phone number is four one five five two eight one four one four and their zip code is nine four one one one
Does the Mangal Mediterranean Restaurant offer takeout?
What do you serve at the bar?
Do your rooms have heat in them?
No, Rooster & Rice does not serve alcohol
Yes, does it serve any vegan options?
Yes, what is the address and zip code?
Sure thing. There's Hinodeya Ramen Bar, a moderately priced restaurant at 1737 Buchanan St. Would you like to know more?
A coffee/tea maker is available for guests.
A coffee/tea maker is available for guests.
No, LA MARGHERITA does not offer free Wifi.
No, Walt Disney Family Museum is not by appointment only.
No, the front desk is not open for 24 hours at Warkworth House.
A $100 deposit is needed at check in and will be reimbursed after check out
What payment methods are accepted at Boba Guys?
It has daily housekeeping service.
Is there a fee for WiFi at Cornell Hotel de France?
Musee Mecanique is the only arcade in Fishermans Wharf, would you like the address?
Nearby parking is available for a charge of $28.00 per day.
Yes, Alamo Square does have tennis courts.
Does Saint Johns Chop House offer vegetarian dishes?
Yes you can have BYOB here at Taj Tandoori.
There is an onsite pool.
ok is it a good place for kids you know family friendly and all
THE HOLIDAY INN EXPRESS SAN FRANCISCO-UNION SQUARE DOES NOT OFFER EXTRA BEDS.
No, Berber doesn't accept Apple Pay.
If I eat gluten free, are there options for me at Royal Spice?
Does Yoda Fountain at Lucasfilm have bike parking?
The Hotel Vitale has a fitness center onsite.
Nopalito accepts credit cards.
Argonaut Hotel, a Noble House Hotel, does not have lift. They have elevators but not lift.
Amarena has an intimate, romantic, and classy ambience.
How about Fort Point or The Presidio?
Do you have daily housekeeping service?
Pier 39 is a very nice attraction in this area. Would you like more information?
The phone number to China Beach is (415) 561-4323.
I need a place for a work retreat, are you equipped for that?
Yes, there is parking available.
Is the front desk of University Arms Hotel always open?
I need an amusement park in Fisherman's Wharf
What do you accept as payment?
There are 6 hotels in the area. Are you looking to stay at any specific street location?
No, Kin Khao does not accept Google Pay.
Where are your smoking areas?
Payment options are Mastercard, Visa, Discover and American Express.
What types of payment do you take?
What types of payment do you take?
There is bike parking available at Champa Garden.
Are there employees that that can assist me on places to see in the area?
No, the Holden Gate Hotel does not have lift.
Is Pho Huynh Hiep 2 - Kevin's Noodle House good for children?
Hotel Spero does not provide any concierge service.
Extra beds are not available at the W San Francisco.
Yes, the Winsor Hotel offers luggage storage service.
how late can we check in?
Free WiFi is available.
Free WiFi is available.
Free WiFi is available.
Free WiFi is available.
Free WiFi is available.
Free WiFi is available.
Ben Thai Cafe does not have outdoor seats.
Do you guys have WiFi?
The ambience of KoJa Kitchen is casual.
The Fly Trap offers validated street parking.
The Missing sock does not offer halal options.
Smokin' Warehouse Barbecue - Sacramento Street offers parking is only on Streets Only.
Yes, I'd like an Italian restaurant in that same area.
Yes, Little Seoul serves alcohol.
I'm sorry there are no parks in that area. There are some nice beaches that might interest you. Can I tell you about them?
Do you have outdoor seating at Birdsong?
Can I bring my dog
There is free wifi available.
There is free wifi available.
There is heating available.
There is heating available.
I'm looking for a moderately priced hotel in the Union square I mean the marina
Can I bring my own bottle?
Does Hotel Boheme have heated rooms?
A Desi Cafe is good for groups.
No they do not offer TV.
Yes, there is bike parking available at Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen.
Are there any meeting or banquet facilities at El Shaddai?
Vegan options are available at Jiangnan Cuisine.
Is there any street parking available?
What are the hours that Lands End Lookout is open each day?
No, Rin's Thai Restaurant does not accept Apple Pay.
No, bike parking is not available at the Cable Car Museum.
sure let me see what i can find. all right nothing with those specifications could i put something else in there for you
Yes, Cartoon Art Museum is wheelchair accessible.
Contemporary Jewish Museum is good for kids.
There is dry cleaning for an additional fee
There is no happy hour at Helmand Palace.
Doe the Flying Falafel accept reservations?
Are there any good museums in Fisherman's Wharf?
ok sure let me go ahead and see what i can pull up for you. ok so i do have a few options here but the one that people do tend to enjoy the most is called the kimpton sir francis drake hotel
Extra bed is not offered at the hotel.
Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf does not offer meeting or banquet facilities.
Is there bike parking available?
Is there bike parking available?
Is there bike parking available?
Is there bike parking available?
Is there bike parking available?
Is there bike parking available?
Is there bike parking available?
Is there bike parking available?
Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen does not offer outdoor seating.
Petite Auberge accepts Visa, Mastercard, American Express, Discover Card and Diners Club for payment.
Is outdoor seating available at Loving Hut?
What is the ambience at Nojo Ramen Tavern?
The Pawn Shop is wheelchair accessible.
How would you describe the ambiance of Bac Lieu Restaurant?
Cellarmaker House of Pizza does not have outdoor seating.
I'd like to take in a museum in Presidio for an upcoming trip and need help choosing one.
Dogs are not allowed at Nob Hill Cafe.
Yes, parking is available for a fee.
J Restaurant does not serve alcohol.
The restaurant does not offer delivery at this time.
The restaurant does not offer delivery at this time.
The University Arms Hotel does not provide a free breakfast.
Deccan Spice is kid friendly.
This area has a great museum called the Walt Disney Family Museum which would be great for kids.
Yes, there is air conditioning.
Delivery service is not offered.
Can I get vegan food at De Afghanan Kabob House?
There is no dress code at Good Mong Kok Bakery.
What are the parking options for The Snug?
How long is the trail at Lands End Lookout?
When is check out at Inn on Broadway?
The Desmond Hotel staff speak English and Hindi.
Does Super Pan take reservations?
May I bring my children to McKInley Park Foundation
Do you have vegetarian dishes?
Free wifi is available at Restaurant Alimentum.
Yes, the California Academy of Sciences is good for kids.
Does Rusty's Southern offer delivery service?
Yes, Woodhouse Fish has TV.
I want to see landmarks in Embarcadero
What languages are spoken at the Hotel Kabuki?
Yes, high chairs are available at La Momosa.
Opa cafe does offer free wifi.
Are groups accepted at your place?
Is take-out ordering offered at Shalimar?
What is the length of the Batteries to Bluffs Trail?
Dogs are not allowed at Perilla.
Does this site have any safety deposit box?
No Fables doesn't accept Apple Pay.
Does Aliment have a t.v.?
Is there take out available at Golden State Grill?
Extra beds are not available at Noble Hill Inn.
The River Bar takes reservations online.
Can I bring my dog to Delicious Dim Sum?
Ramenwell accepts credit cards.
You can park at Arbury Lodge Guesthouse and the parking is free.
Does Royal Standard have outdoor seating?
Azalina's accepts credit cards, but cannot take Apple Pay or Cryptocurrency.
The Slice House Haight by Tony Gemignani does offer takeout ordering.
Waterfront Restaurant offers free WiFi.
Bedouin has gluten free options.
What forms of credit cards accepted?
WiFi is free at Good Hotel, so it costs nothing.
Do they have any parks?
There is not a dress code at Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant.
There is free WiFi available in all areas at the University Club of San Francisco.
Do you have menu items for vegetarians?
Hi, I got a question--what is the parking availability?
Is Souvla wheelchair accessible?
Is Souvla wheelchair accessible?
I would like to find an attraction to visit in Presidio.
What is the noise level at Helmand Palace?
Of course. The address is 1940 Lombard Street and they can be reached at (415) 527-0732.
Are dogs allowed at Ripley's Believe It or Not!?
What is the noise level at Crab House at Pier 39?
There is WiFi available in all areas at InterContinental San Francisco for a charge.
Perilla does not accept reservations.
sure let me go ahead and check that
24-hour front desk service is available at Holiday Inn San Francisco - Golden Gateway.
Does the FITZBILLIES RESTAURANT allow BYOB option to their guests?
Home From Home does not have an onsite swimming pool.
Thanh Binh has gluten free choices, like pasta, pancakes, fries and bread.
There is a full range of liquors available.
Street parking is available at New Eritrea Restaurant & Bar.
Does the hotel have wifi?
Liholiho Yacht Club does have high chairs.
Is there bike parking at Bernal Heights Park?
Wifi is available and free.
Is there concierge service at teh Hotel Riu Plaza Fisherman's Wharf?
Warkworth House does not offer a safety deposit box.
It cost 32 cents a day USD for parking at a location nearby.  It is private parking
The Taqueria Los Coyotes does offer take-out ordering.
When is the Orchard Garden Hotel checkout time?
Han Il Kwan accepts cash and credit cards.
Can I take my poodle to Gozu?
If your place family-friendly?
Can you tell me if you take Cryptocurrency?
Does Jin Mi Korean Cuisine serve alcohol?
Yes, there are meeting and banquet facilities available for an extra charge.
Do you accept take-out?
Do you guys have a spacious enough environment for a group?
Is there continental breakfast available at Hotel Drisco?
Do they speak French there?
I found the Holiday Inn at Fisherman's Wharf. Would you like some details about this hotel?
Do they have breakfast?
Are there disable facility at The Ritz-Carlton, San Francisco?
The Finches Bed and Breakfast does not have laundry facilities, but iron facilities are available upon request.
What form of payment is accepted?
What form of payment is accepted?
Yes, you are able to park bikes at Cool Cravings.
Happy hour is not offered at Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine.
Pho 2000 is a good place for kids.
Does TANG CHINESE offer a delivery service?
Frascati serves beer and wine only.
Does University Club of San Francisco offer rooms with disability access?
Does The Oak Bistro have concerts?
What kind of alcohol is served?
What kind of alcohol is served?
What kind of alcohol is served?
What kind of alcohol is served?
Do you have free wifi onsite?
Besharam offers a full bar.
Does Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar have take-out ordering?
Is it noisy at Amarena?
No, Mangal Mediterranean Restaurant does not take reservations.
Daily Housekeeping is provided at the Kimpton Sir Francis Drake Hotel.
Yes, highchairs are available at Stazione Restaurant and Coffee Bar.
Ali Baba does not offer take-out ordering.
Are the rooms at the Hilton San Francisco Financial District air conditioned?
What payment options are at Pica Pica Arepa Kitchen?
No reservation is needed for parking at Gonville Hotel.
Take out ordering is available at Pizzetta 211.
Yes it is moderately priced. Would you like the address and phone number?
Yes free WiFi is available.
Yes free WiFi is available.
Yes the restaurant takes reservations. You may book your table in advance.
DragonEats does have vegan options.
Restaurant Two Two does not offer delivery services.
Private parking is available at a location nearby Nob Hill Hotel for USD $50 per day.
Is Umami Burger Soma District a good place for children?
WiFi is available for free throughout the Inn.
Yes, the Lombard Plaza Motel has free, accessible parking.
What is the noise level at Aha Fresh?
Could you also tell me the details of parking my car at the Ferry Building Marketplace?
Corridor Restaurant does not accept Google Pay.
Full English/Irish breakfast is available.
No, BYOB is not available at The Good Luck Chinese food takeaway.
The Ugly Duckling does not have halal options.
Can I park my bike at Torpedo Wharf?
DARRY'S COOKHOUSE AND WINE SHOP accepts cash, MasterCard and Visa for payment.
Can you accommodate a group of about eight people or more?
I want one in the cheap price range
Which languages are spoken at Kimpton Buchanan Hotel?
Saigon Sandwich  does not accept Apple Pay.
Only street parking is available for guests at Pizza Hut City Centre.
Hi I was wondering what types of vegetarian options you have on your menu?
Are there any restrooms that visitors can use at Alamo Square?
Yes, this establishment offers vegan-friendly menu options.
perfect thanks uhhh i'm also looking for a place to stay in marina or cow hollow kind of uhhh you know maybe like a four star hotel in a moderate price range do you have any suggestions there
The rooms at the JW Marriott San Francisco Union Square are air-conditioned.
Is parking available at Twin Peaks?
Hi, Please help me find a nice place to stay in Union Square?
Shuttle service is not provided here.
Shuttle service is not provided here.
Tacko does not offer soy free options.
How loud is your restaurant?
The Cable Car Hotel includes facilities for disabled guests.
Dogs are allowed at Bernal Heights Park.
How often can I request dry cleaning service?
Does Grubbin' serve alcohol?
Yes, I have the phone number. It's (415) 633-3000. Are you ready to book?
Is there somewhere for me to park my bike nearby?
Yes, Motel 6 San Francisco Downtown has a 24 hour front desk.
Chancellor Hotel on Union Square is cheap and 3 stars, would that work?
Apple Pay and credit cards are accepted at Marcella's Lasagneria.
Reservations are not needed at the JW Marriott San Francisco Union Square.
There is daily housekeeping service at Lombard Plaza Motel.
The San Francisco Proper Hotel rooms are air-conditioned/heated.
Does Hot Sauce and Panko serve alcohol?
Madame Tussauds San Francisco offers military discount.
Do you guys have gratis wifi?
Do you guys have gratis wifi?
Do you guys have gratis wifi?
Aziza serves alcohol.
The rooms at Kimpton Sir Francis Drake Hotel are air-conditioned.
Can I park my car at Souvla?
Are dogs allowed at Papito Hayes?
what alcohol is available at Fable?
What kind of alcohol do you guys serve?
The WiFi at the Wharf Inn is free of charge.
The Monk's Kettle accepts credit cards but not Apple Pay or Google Pay
Home From Home does provide luggage storage.
Is there free or public parking?
Can I bring my bike there?
No, The Little Chihuahua does not offer WiFi.
The Columbus Inn is located in North Beach, it is moderatley priced. Would you like to make a booking?
Their number is (415) 658-7306
Does La Mar Cebicheria Peruana offer outdoor seating?
The phone number for Green Tortoise Hostel is (415) 834-1000.
There is no place to park bikes at Bizza.
Can I bring my dog to Old Jerusalem Restaurant?
Inn on Folsom provides a free continental breakfast daily
La Margherita is not wheelchair accessible.
Yes you can. The number of beds you're allowed to ask for depends on the room you are in and subject to availability.
Balompie Cafe does not accept Apple Pay.
All children are welcome at the Hamilton Lodge.
Street parking is available.
Street parking is available.
Street parking is available.
Street parking is available.
Street parking is available.
Street parking is available.
Currently, credit cards are accepted at this restaurant. Apple Pay is not accepted.
They offer a light breakfast of coffee and muffins.
Does Pier Market Seafood Restaurant offer happy hour specials?
Free WiFi is available throughout the property.
Yes, room service is listed under general amenities.
Are there rooms with disability access at Finches Bed and Breakfast?
The ZIP is 94133. Can I help with anything else?
When staying at Galleria Park, a Joie de Vivre Hotel what is the check out time?
parking at Minna Hotel is unavailable
How about Californios, it serves Mexican food.
Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen does not serve alcohol.
No, BYOB is not allowed at Saint Johns Chop House.
sure i'm finding a lot of landmarks in the san francisco area how about pier thirty nine at fisherman's wharf
Are there any cooking appliances available for guests at the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel?
High chairs for babies are not available at SHIRAZ RESTAURANT.
At Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge there is luggage storage available.
great uhhh so the first is i wanna go to an expensive pizza place in hayes valley do you have any
Is Alcatraz Island good for kids?
What languages do you have spoken there?
No.Octavia is not offers take-out ordering.
How late do your concierge services stay open for?
Is Bite good for groups?
Can I get an order to go?
Tacorea does accept Google Pay.
Hey, can you tell me if Birdsong is a good place for children?
Are there gluten free option at Hakka?
Eggs, oatmeal, yogurt, bagels, fresh fruit, orange juice, coffee and tea. Coffee and tea are served all day.
sure let me see ok no art museums there is there something else you might like
Does Helmand Palace offer garage parking?
Do you offer take out for customers?
The Golden Curry has high chairs for infants.
The Italian Homemade Company is casual attire.
What lanuage does the staff speak at Chancellor Hotel on Union Square?
Is free WiFi available at Buena Vista Motor Inn?
Do you offer concierge services for your customers?
Is your front desk open all day?
Alexander's Steakhouse has a casual ambience.
There are many moderately priced hotels to choose from, how many stars would you like?
The Bernal Heights Park is a good choice. Would you like more information about it?
Does Deccan Spice offer take-out ordering?
Sorry, I don't have any art attractions in Mission Terrace. I do have Balmy Street Murals, however, which is in Mission. Is that of interest to you?
Royal Standard does not offer gluten free options.
Can I get the stars, phone number and address of the hotel. I need to know if theres a room for Tuesday for 3 nights as well.
No, dogs are not allowed at this restaurant.
Does Pier 33 charge any entrance fee to visitors?
Do you have a spa for guests to use?
Is there laundry available at the A and B Guest House?
This property doesn't offer extra beds.
Heated rooms are available at the Amsterdam Hostel
Super Duper Burgers does not accept Apple Pay.
Magowan's Infinite Mirror Maze sounds interesting. Can you give me the address?
There is accessible parking. There is a parking lot at the hotel with free parking.
Does Subs have free WiFi?
Starbelly accepts credit cards but they do not accept Apple Pay.
Is there a safe available at Yale Hotel?
Yes, Available.
Does The Kitava restaurant have any outdoor seating?
Vegan is offered.
Does your restaurant have a TV available?
Does you hotel change for WiFi?
Do they accept cryptocurrency?
Do you have tv?
Do you have tv?
Do you have tv?
Lands End Lookout is open from 9:00 am to 5:00 pm every day.
What is the noise level at this location?
Is the Petite Auberge in the cheap range, with 4 stars?
The Lucky Star is not wheelchair accessible for those who need it.
Are there halal options on the menu?
Berber offers vegetarian friendly options.
Is parking available and can i make reservations?
Do you offer parking for bicycles?
Nando's has alcohol drinks.
Wave Organ does not charge any admission fee at all.
Are there highchairs available there?
There are no meeting or banquet facilities at Alpha-Milton Guest House.
The Nob Hill Motor Inn accepts, Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover.
Does Super Duper Burgers accept reservations?
What payment options do you guys accept?
When can I check-in?
When can I check-in?
The noise level is typically average at Kokkari Estiatorio.
Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant does offer free WiFi services.
No, this establishment doesn't offer happy hour.
No, this establishment doesn't offer happy hour.
What is deposit for security cost?
Does Hyatt Regency have daily housekeeping?
The Burmese Kitchen serves beer and wine only.
Yes, there is a vegetarian main course available on the menu.
Yes, they serve alcohol, but it's beer and wine only.
Hi. I need to find a hotel in Union Square.
Do you currently have outdoor seating available?
What about Hyde Street Pier?
Crab House at Pier 39 does not allow dogs.
Does Zizzi Cambridge deliver?
Is it necessary to make reservations for parking at the Chancellor Hotel on Union Square?
No pets are allowed at Nineteen 06 Mission.
No, there is no room service available for guests at Acorn Guest House.
Thanks. What's the parking situation at Hyde Street Beach?
Only a microwave is available in the room.
There is no laundry facility available at ARBURY LODGE GUESTHOUSE.
Do you offer free breakfast?
Cash and credit cards are accepted.
Yes, accessible parking is available.
Yes, you can take out your order from this restaurant.
Is this a group friendly page?
What is the check in time at your hotel?
Do you have a live band tonight?
Where can I park when i come in?
Are pets allowed at King George?
The Corridor Restaurant does have a happy hour. Would you like me to give you the times the Corridor Restaurant is open?
The Days Inn by Wyndham San Francisco Downtown/Civic Center area offers free parking
Picaro does not have WiFi.
The menu at Meze Bar does not have vegetarian friendly options.
There is a restaurant on site at Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge.
Rooms are heated at Pacific Heights Inn by Magnuson Worldwide.
Is there a special dress code at Outerlands?
Lovell Lodge accepts visa, Mastercard, Maestro, Sold and Switch.
Ina Coolbrith Park is in Russian Hill, what sort of restaurant are you looking for?
Can you tell me about the ambiance at your restaurant?
Does Cordon Bleu offer take out?
No, A and B Guest House does not have accessible parking.
Curry does not serve alcohol.
How late can I push back check out?
Can I park my bike at A La Turca Restaurant?
Does the Alexander Bed and Breakfast supply extra beds?
Grafton Hotel Restaurant does not offer live music.
Is Roam Artisan Burgers good for kids?
The Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen have vegetarian friendly options.
Is there a security deposit at Bridge Guest House?
How would you say the noise level is?
How would you say the noise level is?
Smoking is not allowed at University Arms Hotel.
The Melt - 455 Market does not offer happy hour.
Can you find me a restaurant in that area that serves Burmese food?
Does Francisco Bay Inn provide daily housekeeping service?
Hunan Home's Restaurant does not have bike parking.
Is there a happy hour?
Is there a happy hour?
Is there a happy hour?
Is there a happy hour?
Can Apple Pay be used at Coqueta?
A casual at ambience of Kim Son Vietnamese Restaurant.
There is a damage deposit of $150. Your security deposit will be refunded within 7 days after check-out if there is no damage to the property.
and what's the zip code
Rin's Thai Restaurant accepts reservations.
There are not spa services available at Archway House.
Wifi is free at Bridge Guest House.
No, you must use public street parking nearby.
Which area of San Francisco would you like me to look in?
The desmond hotel requires a $250 security deposit.
The Orange Village Hostel offers an airport shuttle.
The Parker Guest House does provide concierge service.
Can I pay at cryptocurrency at Rooster & Rice?
Does The GrilledCheezGuy serve alcohol?
Great, and can you also find me the zip code please?
Yes A La Turca Restaurant offers delivery service.
How many room option for people to check in?
What is the zip code for Boudin Bakery & Cafe?
Is this property accessible to disabled guests?
Do you serve beer?
What are the parking options for the Nob Hill Inn?
What's the dress code there?
Hey, do you guys offer WiFi for customers there?
There is no free WiFi at the Grafton Hotel Restaurant.
It has been quite cold lately, are the inn's rooms heated?
There is no lift at Lovell Lodge.
Yes if they offer free parking.
Can I have the zip code for the market?
In general, the facilities at The Clift Royal Sonesta San Francisco have heating.
The Kimpton Sir Francis Drake Hotel is a smoke-free property.
Do they have outdoor seating available?
My mother is disabled and in a wheelchair, will you be able to accommodate her?
What's the charge for parking at Washington Square Inn?
The WiFi is free at the Desmond Hotel.
A Mano has a casual, trendy and classy ambience.
Yes, Boba Guys is kid-friendly.
Hi, is there bike parking available there?
Proposition Chicken offers take-out dining.
There is parking on the street.
Do you have a gym?
Do you have a gym?
Do you have a gym?
Are rooms at Kimpton Sir Francis Drake Hotel heated?
The check-in time is at 4:00 PM.
Room service is provided at Hotel Vitale, a Joie de Vivre Hotel.
Hello, do you guys offer free WiFi there?
The Melt- 455 Market offers delivery service.
Do you have any kitchen facilities for guests to use?
Is there any accessibility features for disabilities?
Yes, they provide concierge service
The zip code is 94111.
there is no outdoor seating here
Yes, this restaurant provides free WiFi to its patrons.
You may stay with children at the Alpha-Milton Guest House.
Is Google Pay accepted at Ebisu?
Aziza does not accept Apple Pay.
sure uhhh i'm happy to find something for you and just the area of chinatown has a lot of local flavor i recommend going there
No, Uncle Boy's does not offer drive-thru pickup.
Azalina's is a kid friendly restaurant.
yes there is tv
Does Piccino offer take-out ordering service?
Can you get me the address of the Dolores Park?
There is free Wifi at Allenbell.
Nopa does not accept Google Pay.
BYOB is not allowed at City Stop Restaurant.
Do you offer any vegetarian options?
Does this restaurant have vegetarian options?
GUESTS CAN CHECK IN TO THE HILTON SAN FDANCISCO UNION SQUARE BETWEEN 3:00 PM AND 12:00 AM.
Can I bring a pet?
Concierge service is not offered by EL SHADDAI.
Does Besharam have vegan options?
Yale Hotel is a smoke-free property.
Is wifi available for guests?
Is there free WiFi at the Courtyard by Marriott Fishermans Warf?
Can I order at Pizza Express for take-out?
Haaka has vegeterian friendly options.
Yes, De Luca Cucina and Bar has outdoor seating.
Can I take my dog to Perilla?
Tuba Authentic Turkish Restaurant is good for groups.
Parking Garage is available for cars at The Bird.
Can I order delivery at Sons & Daughters?
Do you have a pool onsite?
Charges may apply if you stay with your pet.
Are there any fees for parking my bike?
What are your breakfast options?
What are your breakfast options?
Cotto does not offer delivery service.
Dumpling Kitchen does not have TV.
Check-in time begins from 3:00 pm at Hotel Courtyard by Marriott on Union Square San Francisco. Express Check-in/Check-out is available.
Do I need to pay any security deposit to stay there?
Does Galleria provide WiFi for customers, and if so, is it free?
Is parking available for cars at Travelodge by Wyndham by Fisherman's Wharf?
Do you have a happy hour at DragonEats?
Is your facility family-friendly?
They offer free off-street parking.
Is there a way to have an extra bed brought up to your room at SOMA Park Inn?
Gregangelo's Velocity Arts & Entertainment is a good one
There is limited, street parking at Hot Sauce and Panko.
Marlowe serves a full bar.
yeah definitely it's two stars
Yes, Apple Pay accepted.
Daily housekeeping is provided at the Hotel Riu Plaza Fisherman's Wharf.
English, Spanish and Filipino are the languages spoken at Luz Hotel.
Public parking is available at a location nearby and charges apply.
We offer free off-street parking at our restaurant.
Yes, this restaurant currently provides delivery service.
Yes, Kaiju Eats Ramen and Izakaya has happy hour specials.
Prezzo serves alcohol.
ok so we do have one option it's called coit tower is that something you might like
Do you have an onsite concierge service?
Yes, could you let me know what my options for parking would be at Clarion Alley?
oh i'm sorry so this zip code is nine four one zero eight and their phone number is four one five seven seven two five thousand
Does Pho Huynh Hiep 2 - Kevin's Noodle House allow dogs?
yeah let me see what's available with those attributes. you know what you're in luck i found one bed and breakfast and it's called inn san francisco
Yes, Uno Dos Tacos offers takeout.
No, this restaurant isn't good for groups.
Does Shalimar offer outdoor seating?
Saigon City does not take reservations.
Can I bring my kids to Huntingdon Marriott Hotel?
Can I bring my class of ten there?
Orchard Garden Hotel is a 3 star hotel at 466 Bush Street 94108. Royal Pacific Motor Inn is a 2 star hotel at 661 Broadway Street 94133. SW Hotel is a 3 star hotel located at 615 Broadway 94133.
Cool Cravings doe accept Apple Pay.
There is no parking available for cars at Chinatown.
Can I bring my dog to What The Cluck?
Do you prefer modern or classical arts?
Is there an onsite pool at Leverton House?
There is parking on the street and on a private lot.
Yes, Embarcadero Public Promenade is kid-friendly.
Waterfront Restaurant takes reservations.
Greek and English are spoken at Leverton House.
Saucy Asian does not offer happy hour specials.
the Hotel Zoe Fisherman's Wharf has an elevator
There is dry cleaning service available at King George for an additional charge.
Rintaro is good for groups.
Do you offer breakfast in the morning ?
Is dry cleaning including with my nightly costs?
Concierge services are available at the Hotel Zelos San Francisco
Pets are not allowed at HI San Francisco City Center Hostel.
I was wondering if Ebisu takes reservations?
Is there any bike parking at The Fly Trap?
Are there any high chairs available at HK Fusion?
Does the Museum Of 3D Illusions offer free WiFi?
No, Cellarmaker House of Pizza is not good for kids.
Yes, Berber has free WiFi.
Newkirk's does accept Google Pay.
Do you allow patrons to bring their own bottle?
I want to go to the visitor's center in Presidio
Can I get the zip code and phone number?
definitely it's four one five three four six twenty eight eighty
What kind of payment methods St. Regis San Francisco accepts?
Can I bring my dog to Taqueria Los Coyotes?
Does Delicious Dim Sum serve alcohol?
All right, as I said, they are at 2 Beach St. What other information could I find out for you about it?
Is there outdoor seating options?
BYOB is not possible at La Tasca.
Yes, heating is listed under General.
There are nine different languages spoken.
The Underdogs Too menu doesn't have any gluten free dishes.
Wifi is available all through the house.
Is there a conserve available at The Ritz-Carlton?
How about a similar place that has a 2-star rating instead?
Is there a smoking area at Allenbell?
Can I pay with credit card at anatolia?
Delivery service is not offered at Frascati.
Do you have WiFi at the Saint Johns Chop House?
Rooster & Rice is wheelchair accessible.
Rooster & Rice is wheelchair accessible.
Sesame Restaurant and Bar does not have live music.
Kokkari Estiatorio does take reservations.
Does Stazione have gluten free options available?
Is breakfast offered at your hotel?
Five languages are spoken at the hotel; English, Spanish, Portuguese, Chinese, and Filipino.
great do you know if they accept google pay there
Travelodge by Wyndham by Fisherman's Wharf does not provide dry cleaning service.
Does Tacos El Patron offer take-out ordering?
Yes, the attraction is by appointment only.
Is there any place to smoke in the hotel?
The wifi is free at Acorn Guest House.
The Snug does not accept Cryptocurrency.
Yes, Bizza is casual and great for kids.
Hinodeya Ramen Bar is suitable for children.
Is Roma Antica a good place for families?
The Orchard Hotel provides a concierge service.
Would you be interested in Pier 33?
Belden Place is not listed as good for kids.
Can you please tell me when I have to check out?
Can I order delivery at The Pawn Shop?
oh and one more thing uhhh is there bike lockers or a bike rack where i can park my bike
Hey, is Rooster & Rice good for group dining?
Beit Rima does not accept Cryptocurrency.
Hilton Parc 55 San Francisco Union Square is a moderately priced, 4 star hotel in the area. Would you like me to check your availability?
What time can I check in?
What time can I check in?
What time can I check in?
What time can I check in?
What time can I check in?
What time can I check in?
What time can I check in?
What time can I check in?
No, Kitchen Istanbul does not have free WiFi.
Is there internet service?
Is there internet service?
Is there internet service?
When is check out time at Club Quarters Hotel in San Francisco?
Boba Guys accepts Apple Pay.
What kind of credit is accepted?
Are those attractions focused on art?
Kung Food does not serve alcohol.
What is the WiFi like while staying at the Taj Campton Place?
How loud is the noise level there?
Does Saffron 685 take reservations?
Yes, Craftsman and Wolves is kid-friendly.
Check-in at the Home from Home is between 4 pm and 7:30 pm.
The Progress does not have TV.
I would like a moderately priced 3 star hotel.
No, Dojo Noodle Bar doesn't offer BYOB.
There is a fitness center at Hotel Zoe Fisherman's Wharf.
TV isn't available at Super Pan.
Check-in time is at 3:00 pm at Cornell Hotel de France.
The rooms at the JW Marriott San Francisco Union Square have heat/air conditioning.
City Lights Bookstore is located in Chinatown. Would you like the address?
How many stars does the hostel have?
Do you have Halal?
Can you add an extra bed for my child?
Do you allow dogs at Tasty Pot?
Groups can be accommodated at Flour + Water Pizzeria.
Yes i need it for three nights.
There is street parking here.
What are the parking options at the Buena Vista Motor Inn?
Yes, A Mano is good for groups.
Does Pho 2000 accept credit cards?
Is TV available there?
And what is the admission cost at Museum Of 3D Illusions?
There is no parking available at the hotel itself, however there are public parking spaces around it.
Yes, La Raza takes reservations.
Is The Snug good for groups?
Golden State Grill is kid friendly.
Acorn Guest House does not offer a kitchen for its guests.
No, Apple pay isn't accepted.
Are concierge services available for guests?
What languages are spoken at this hotel?
Yes, heating is available.
How much is the admission fee at 7D Experience?
Do you accept the payment with Apple Pay?
Does Cote have free WiFi?
Does Amarena offer bicycle parking?
Thanks. Do you know if there's parking near the museum?
Visa and Mastercard are accepted at this hotel.
Will I have to make a reservation at State Bird Provisions?
No, they do not accept Cryptocurrency.
No, they do not accept Cryptocurrency.
Does Basa Seafood Express accept Google Pay?
What is the noise level at YH-Beijing?
Does Aha Fresh accommodate groups?
You can park your bike at Saffron 685.
ok let me go and check the availability that day. all right it is available i'll go ahead and book for two rooms for this tuesday for two nights
Can I park my car at The Glass Elevators?
Does your restaurant accept Google Pay?
oh great there is one ummm uhhh do they accept bringing dogs
Can I do my laundry when I visit here?
How much is the admission to Aquarium Of The Bay for both adults and kids?
Does Hogwash have any vegan options?
They do not serve alcohol and offer no Happy Hour.
When does check in open at Inn at Union Square, a Greystone Hotel?
Is bike parking available at California Academy of Sciences?
Is Franciscan Crab Restaurant good for children?
What's the nose level like there?
The Curry Queen accepts reservations.
Axiom Hotel is a cheap 4 star hotel in that area. Should I book a room for you?
How much does parking cost at this location?
No, it is a smoke-free property.
WiFi service is not offered at Zen Yai Thai Restaurant.
Pizzetta 211 does not have vegetarian options at this time.
The WiFi is free at the Alexander Bed and Breakfast.
Do you have any vegan friendly menu items?
Okay there are several parks but Dolores Park is one of the most popular.
Can I make an advance reservation?
Does Europa Hotel offer smoking?
Does this site have onsite laundry?
I'm looking for a museum in Nob Hill that I can visit.
No, DragonEats does not serve alcohol.
Does The Palace of Fine Arts accept credit cards?
Is Octavia a dog friendly place?
Yes, Proposition Chicken offers vegan friendly options.
Are dogs allowed at Shish Ke Baba?
No, it does not accept Google Pay.
No, it does not accept Google Pay.
No, it does not accept Google Pay.
Do you guys have TVs?
Do you guys have TVs?
Do you guys have TVs?
Is Bistro At The Cliff House good for kids?
Is take out offere?
The La Mediterranee does not have TV listed among their amenities.
What is the ambience of Aria Korean Street Food?
Does YH-Beijing have wheelchair accessible?
How about Fillmore?
Does A Mano offer delivery?
ok ummm do you know if they have facilities for guest parking
Blue Barn Gourmet doesn't have soy free options.
I need the phone number of the landmarks in presidio
Do you guys serve alcohol there?
The Hotel Spero has a fitness center available for its guests.
Yes  Flour + Water Pizzeria  offer delivery service.
You must be at least 18 years old to check into Alexander Bed and Breakfast.
Does CHIQUITO RESTAURANT BAR offer gluten free options?
Do yo have free wifi?
Does Beit Rima serve alcohol?
Does the hotel have some facilities for guest parking?
Outerlands offers outdoor seats.
Outdoor seating is not available at Perilla.
Are your aisles wide enough to allow the passage of a wheelchair?
The Aida Plaza Hotel accepts American Express, Visa, Master Card, and Discover credit cards.
Yes, reservations are accepted.
Yes, reservations are accepted.
Yes, reservations are accepted.
Yes, reservations are accepted.
Yes, reservations are accepted.
Is there a lift available at Ashley Hotel?
KoJa Kicthen is good for groups.
The check-in time at Travelodge by Wyndham San Francisco Central is 3:00 PM
Pets are not allowed at the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge.
Yes, they offer this service
Is WiFi free at Hotel Du Vin and Bistro?
Sure, your table is booked. Anything else that I could help you with?
Does Roma Antica accept Google Pay?
Do I need to make reservations to use the on-site private parking?
Does El Shaddai offer any shuttle service?
Is Lake Merced kid friendly?
Kim Son Vietnamese Restaurant has bike parking.
Do you have outdoor seating?
Do you have outdoor seating?
Do you have outdoor seating?
Do you have outdoor seating?
Do you have outdoor seating?
Do you have outdoor seating?
Do you have outdoor seating?
Do you have outdoor seating?
Do you have outdoor seating?
Do you have outdoor seating?
Do you have outdoor seating?
Do you have outdoor seating?
Do you have outdoor seating?
Do you have outdoor seating?
Do you have outdoor seating?
Do you have outdoor seating?
Do you have outdoor seating?
Do you have outdoor seating?
Do you have outdoor seating?
Do you have outdoor seating?
Do you have outdoor seating?
Do you have outdoor seating?
Do you have outdoor seating?
Do you have outdoor seating?
Do you have outdoor seating?
Do you have outdoor seating?
Do you have outdoor seating?
Do you have outdoor seating?
Do you have outdoor seating?
Do you have outdoor seating?
Do you have outdoor seating?
Do you have outdoor seating?
Do you have outdoor seating?
Do you have outdoor seating?
Do you have outdoor seating?
Do you have outdoor seating?
Do you have outdoor seating?
Do you have outdoor seating?
Do you have outdoor seating?
Yes, Tanguito has TV.
Yes, I'd like a place to dine also. is there any sports bar also in Russian Hill?
Can I use Apple Pay at Blue Barn Gourmet?
What breakfast options are available at Oasis Inn?
Does Pier Market Seafood Restaurant offer free WiFi?
Is there any concierge service available?
Rusty's Southern does not have TV.
Cordon Bleu has no outdoor seating.
What are the opening hours of The 16th Avenue Tiled Steps?
The menu at Charlie Chan is vegetarian friendly.
How about the Royal Pacific Motor Inn in Chinatown? They have a two star rating and are in the moderate price range.
No reservation is needed for free parking at Bay Bridge Inn San Francisco.
Can I get the phone number for the Green Tortoise Hostel?
The phone number for Club Donatello is (415) 885-8809. What else can I do for you?
There are facilities available for disabled guests.
What is the atmosphere there ?
You have a reservation for 8 people on Friday at 12 PM at Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar.
Yes, A Desi Cafe offers delivery service.
Daily housekeeping service is provided at Buena Vista Motor Inn.
Chancellor Hotel on Union Square does not have a fitness center or gym onsite.
Are there facilities for disabled guests at Cable Car Hotel?
There are halal options at this restaurant.
Is there a TV at Hinodeya Ramen Bar?
Can I use Google Pay at The Halal Guys?
Is ASK RESTAURANT wheelchair accessible?
Yes they do accept it.
Shalimar is wonderful for kids.
Is street parking available at Pier 7?
Saint Johns Chop House does not offer takeout ordering.
No, this spot is not a good one for groups.
absolutely it's four one five two six eight ninety nine zero zero
Does it have any rooms with disabled guests?
Brenda's Meat & Three is not by appointment only.
Do you have a fitness center or gym onsite?
Do you have a fitness center or gym onsite?
There is no fitness center or gym onsite here.
Is Slice House Haight by Tony Gemignani wheelchair accessible?
Does Sumac accept the payment with credit cards?
Does your hotel provide concierge service?
Is WiFi available at Sam Wo Restaurant?
can you tell me about the parks in Russian Hill?
Takara Sushi does offer take-out ordering.
Pets are not allowed
Pets are not allowed
Pets are not allowed
Hey, do you guys have a TV there?
Hey, do you guys have a TV there?
Apple Pay is not accepted at Brenda's Meat & Three.
Does Super Duper Burgers have vegeterian friendly options?
Accepts Credit Cards, Google Pay  & Apple Pay at Pier Market Seafood Restaurant.
Is there on site parking available at the Carolina Bed and Breakfast?
Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant offers delivery and take-out.
Hi, is it possible for me to bring my dog there?
They accept American Express, MasterCard, and Visa credit cards.
Boudin Bakery & Cafe has gluten free options.
Is there any kitchen available for guests at Argonaut Hotel, a Noble House Hotel?
Yes there is on site parking at a additional charge of $70.68 per day.
Yes, Hotel Du Vin and Bistro takes reservations
Yes, there is bike parking available at Fable.
The check-in time at this hotel is at 3:00 PM.
Do you have dry cleaning?
Do you have dry cleaning?
What are the different languages spoken at the hotel?
Are parking reservations accepted at Howard Johnson by Wyndham San Francisco Marina District?
Yes, The Italian Homemade Company is wheelchair accessible.
cool all right ummm you know while i'm in the the same area i'm trying to find uhhh a mod say a moderately priced uhhh himalayan nepalese restaurant
The Allenbell does not have any room with disability access.
Do you have a tv there?
Do you have a tv there?
I would like something in the moderate price range with 4 stars
The Gardenia does not offer free WiFi.
Does Delicious Dim Sum accept Google Pay as a payment option?
Marufuku Ramen SF does not offer outdoor seating.
The cable car is located at Powell and Market St.
Yes, Pizza Huts have high chairs.
Yes, Pakwan offers take-out.
What payment options do you offer at the Exploratorium?
Is parking available at Farm : Table?
Whats the level of noise like there?
American Express, Visa, Discover, Driver's Club International and Mastercard are all accepted at this hotel.
Sure, I'll book in that reservation for you. What else can I help you with today?
Are there banquet facility and meeting room available at site?
THE COW PIZZA KITCHEN AND BAR does not offer free WiFi.
Does Picaro offer Take out ordering?
You can only bring a folding bike to the train and non folding bike must be parked at the station.
Is The Melt- 455 Market good for groups?
Is there free wifi at the Golden House?
Do your rooms have heating?
Do your rooms have heating?
Do your rooms have heating?
Unfortunately there are no museums in Chinatown. Would you like to search in a different area instead?
Is parking available at Union Square Plaza Hotel?
Free WiFi is available at Nick's Crispy Taco.
Do you have vegan options?
Do you have vegan options?
Do you have vegan options?
Do you have vegan options?
Do you have vegan options?
Do you have vegan options?
Do you have vegan options?
When do we have to check out in the morning?
Are guests allowed to bring pets at Hilton San Francisco Financial District?
What is the mood at Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen?
Do you accept credit cards at this location?
Is your restaurant good for kids?
No, A Mano is not by appointment only.
There is no age restriction to check-in at InterContinental San Francisco.
What payments are accepted at this location?
Can we order take out from you?
Yes, De Luca Cucina and Bar has live music.
Aliment does have TV.
Yes, Vegan options are available.
Can I get extra beds at Warkworth House?
No, the restaurant does not offer free WiFi.
Is your front desk at Club Donatello always manned?
WiFi is available though charges will apply.
The languages spoken at HI San Francisco City Center Hotel are English, Spanish, German, Greek, Dutch, and Korean.
wifi is available and it is free.
San Francisco City Hall is a landmark in the Civic Center, would you like their details?
Credit cards are accepted by HI San Francisco Downtown Hostel.
What is the noise like there?
Do they have a tv there?
TV is available for viewing at Pushkin.
Is there an onsite fitness center at Lovell Lodge?
Does Hotel Del Sol have accomodations for disabled guests?
Is there a spa onsite?
Nob Hill Cafe is good for kids.
I have a motion sickness, can I ride the 7D Experience?
Yes, this hotel provides double and queen rooms with disability access.
they certainly do and i can book that for you right now for two rooms for four nights and that booking is set
Could you tell me if Nick's Crispy tacos allows dogs?
Yes they have vegetarian options for people.
I'm in a wheelchair, are you an accessible restaurant?
Farm : Table does offer take-out ordering.
Can I pick up my order from Alexander's Steakhouse through the drive thru?
Does Amsterdam Hostel offer extra beds?
The only kitchen facility available to guests at the University Arms hotel is a coffee/tea maker.
Yes, this establishment accepts Apple Pay.
ok. all right what information do you want from that one
Yes, the reservation at the Axiom Hotel in Union Square is now booked for 7 o'clock tonight.
Beit Rima offers street parking.
yes, show me the address, phone number, zip code please.
No, there is no parking at Painted Ladies.
Hobsons House does not have any meeting or banquet facilities.
Yes  Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen have TV.
GRAFTON HOTEL RESTAURANT is not wheelchair accessible.
Californios does not offer WiFi.
Yes what is the phone number and zip code?
Can you use Apple Pay here?
Is there a security deposit?
Pharaohs Mediterranean Sandwiches accepts credit cards, but not crypto-currency or Apple Pay.
No, Ben Thai Cafe does not accept Google Pay.
Can guests bring dogs at The Italian Homemade Company?
Do you guys take cryptocurrency?
Do you guys take cryptocurrency?
Do you serve groups of people?
The front desk is open 24 hours a day at the Hampton Inn San Francisco Downtown/Convention Center
Finches Bed and Breakfast does not have a lift.
Do you offer any entertainment for customers?
Craftsman and Wolves serves wine and beer.
Are there any gluten free options at Nandos?
The Cambridge Chop House does not have take-out ordering.
Allenbell does not provide dry cleaning service.
This hotel is a no-smoking hotel.
The Good Hotel has accessible parking available for its customers.
Room are heated at Columbus Inn.
No. Kaiju Eats Ramen and Izakaya does not accept Google Pay.
Are pets allowed at your facility?
Yes, Um Ma Son has television available.
Highchairs are not available at The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar.
Does the Kasa Indian Eatery have vegan  options?
Cocum is gluten free friendly.
Check-out at the Phoenix Hotel is at 12:00 pm.
ok cool ummm do you know by any chance if they have any restaurants on site at the fairmont
Can you give me the name and zip code for the aquarium?
Can I park at Proposition Chicken?
New Fortune Restaurant does not accept Google Pay.
Secure parking
Secure parking
Secure parking
Gluten free foods are served at Arizmendi Bakery.
Yes this company offers this.
Civic Center Motor Inn accepts Discover, American Express, Visa and Mastercard pay.ments
Does  SESAME RESTAURANT AND BAR have parking?
Helmand Palace doesn't have halal.
Hard Knox Cafe has television services.
Is there live music at Jinling Noodle Bar?
Bon, Nene is kid friendly.
Yes, Saffron 685 offers delivery service.
Are dogs allowed at Han Il Kwan?
The Italian Homemade Company restaurant does not have happy hours.
What is the wifi they offer?
Does Oasis Inn have parking?
Does Picaro offer vegetarian friendly meals?
Thanh Binh does not offer take-out ordering.
How is the noise level at Atelier Crenn?
Does Grubbin' have wheelchair access?
There is no live music available.
Hi, I need the number and zip code to a high end Guamanian place to eat it's 8 of us for Sunday.
I found five landmarks in Presidio would you like me to tell you about them?
Can you tell me if they have happy hour specials?
Does Opa cafe have vegan options?
Is there a place to park at Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar?
Yes the hotel has parking.
Is bike parking available at Exploratorium After Dark?
There are vegan friendly options available at Burma Love.
Is Galleria wheelchair accessible?
Does Kokkari Estiatorio accept Google Pay?
Rintaro does not offer delivery service.
Does the hotel provide daily housekeeping?
No, this property doesn't offer extra bed.
No, this property doesn't offer extra bed.
The Worth House does not have a fitness center or gym onsite.
High chairs are not available
No, a reservation is not needed for parking onsite.  Charge is $65 per day.
Air conditioning is provided at Hotel Griffon.
Rooms at the Executive Hotel Vintage Court are heated
The Ramp does not take reservations.
The front desk is not open 24 hours at A and B Guest House.
Michaelhouse Cafe accepts credit cards.
Does The Sons & Daughters restaurant offer bike parking?
WiFi is available in all rooms at the Hotel Riu Plaza Fisherman's Wharf.
Pets are not allowed at the Columbus Inn.
Do you have vegetarian meals?
Bike parking is available at Taboun.
do you accept Google pay
No reservation is needed for parking.
No reservation is needed for parking.
The Coventry Inn offers free WiFi for it's guests.
Yes, extra beds can be requested
No, this establishment doesn't offer outdoor seating.
No, this establishment doesn't offer outdoor seating.
No, this establishment doesn't offer outdoor seating.
Take out option is available at this location.
No, Perilla does not accept Google Pay.
Frisco Fried has street parking available.
Can you only come by appointment?
Does Brazen Head serve alcohol?
If I come there, is there a place to park my bike?
Reservations are accepted at Rintaro.
There is no parking at the hotel, but parking is available near the hotel for a daily fee.
The ambiance of Bella Trattoria is intimate, romantic, and classy.
There are no meeting or banquet facilities at ALLENBELL.
There aren't any TV's in Burmese Kitchen.
There is no television at Pica Pica Arepa Kitchen.
What payments are accepted there?
The minimum age to check in is 18
There are 6 languages spoken at the hotel; German, English, Spanish, French, Chinese and Portuguese.
I would like to know first, if I can get a extra bed in the room?
Yes, Autumn House offers a free English breakfast for guests.
Yes. Is there parking available at the Legion of Honor?
Yes. Nick's Crispy Tacos have high chairs available for babies.
Does Bay Bridge Inn San Francisco have a designated smoking area?
Is Fable wheelchair accessible?
City Centre North B and B does offer free English breakfast.
Yes, there is free off street parking.
Is Adelaide Hostel offer free WiFi?
Can I park my bike at Dragon Gate?
Does El Farolito offer take out orders?
Is bike parking available here?
How much is parking at your hotel?
La Mar Cebicheria Peruana accepts credit cards.
What should I have with me when I check in?
Could you give me Coit Tower's zip code?
Are there vegetarian options available?
Are there vegetarian options available?
Yes, the front desk has 24 hour service.
Does Hotel Bijou have a meeting facility?
Do you all offer rollaway beds?
The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar does not allow BYOB.
No, the restaurant does not offer drive thru pick up.
The admission fee for adults is $10 Tuesdays to Thursdays and $12 Friday to Sunday. The fee for children is $3 everyday.
Ambience of The Bird is Casual, Classy
Is there WiFi at The Wharf Inn?
Is this museum by appointment only?
Does The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen accept Apple Pay?
Is housekeeping available every day?
Does Magowan's Infinite Mirror Maze allow dogs?
Do they require a reservation?
Do you do carryout orders?
No, Sushirrito does not have free WiFi.
Is Souvia good for groups?
Is The Progress group friendly?
There are no safety deposit boxes available at Arbury Lodge Guesthouse.
The Italian Homemade Company has wheelchair accessibility.
BYOB is not possible at Rice House.
Does Pipasha Restaurant offer wifi?
Does Aha Fresh include free wi-fi?
The Halal Guys offers free WiFi.
do you all have meeting spaces?
vegan option is available at the hotel
I am going to be coming with a wheelchair, is the property handicap friendly?
Noise level is average at Perilla.
Alimentum serves alcohol.
The noise level at Bursa is about average.
Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar has TV.
Yes, Club Donatello has a fitness center onsite.
Do you have accessible parking available?
Do you have accessible parking available?
Is there delivery service?
Can I get the zip code for that hotel please?
There is only street parking at Californios.
Walt Disney Family Museum offers free WiFi.
Do you have a TV available?
SF Honey Pig Korean BBQ does offer happy hour.
What is the atmosphere like there?
What is the atmosphere like there?
Is Google Pay accepted at Papito Potrero Hill?
Languages spoken at the Orchard Garden Hotel include English, Spanish and Chinese.
Is this restaurant kid friendly?
Is this restaurant kid friendly?
There is only street parking at Corridor Restaurant.
Phoenix Hotel does not allow extra beds.
Does Limehouse provide room service?
Is there a specific dress code at Benu?
Curry Prince does not offer outdoor seating.
Is there outdoor seating at Khamsa?
There is a laundry facility available at Ashley Hotel.
Does your establishment take reservations?
I was not able to find any zoos in that area.
What about motels in the area?
Reservation is not needed for the parking at European Hostel in advance.
Is it good for children at Old Jerusalem Restaurant?
uhhh yeah do you know whether they offer baggage storage for their guests
We don't have outdoor seats here.
Free WiFi is offered at Bella Trattoria.
What type of payment methods are accepted at Deccan Spice?
Is there any parking available?
You cannot stay with children at the Autumn House.
Can you accommodate a big group of people?
Is there any age restriction to check-in at InterContinental San Francisco?
Yes, the Hilton Park 55 San Francisco Union Square does have a fitness center facility for its guests.
The Tacorea does offer free WiFi.
What is the cost of parking here?
What is the cost of parking here?
Sounds great, but do they have a gym or fitness center onsite?
Does Sumac have happy hour?
CLOWNS CAFE does not offer delivery service.
Casual attire is the dress code at Zuni Cafe.
The menu at Bangkok City does not offer gluten free options.
The ambience of Kasa Indian Eatery is considered casual and classy.
The front desk at the Executive Hotel Vintage Court is available 24 hours a day
Marufuku Ramen SF has no TV.
There is no free WiFi at Yu Garden.
Yes, Lake Merced is kid-friendly.
It is free to visit the Yoda Fountain at Lucasfilm.
ok not a problem ummm can i get the address the zip code and the phone number please
Does Mama's On Washington Square have a parking lot?
Alamo Square does not charge any admission fees.
I want to see landmarks in San Francisco
Tortellino accepts all Credit cards & Apple Pay
Is Aziza a good place for kids?
THE HILTON PARC 55 ACCEPTS VISA, MASTERCARD, AMERICAN EXPRESS, DISCOVER AND JCB CREDIT CARDS.
yeah definitely it's four one five nine four seven seventy one sixty three
There is on site free parking at Hamilton Lodge.
Yes, WiFi is available for purchase for $12.95 per 24 hours and is accessible in all areas of the hotel.
Can I park my bike at Magowan's Infinite Mirror Maze?
Does the Anchor Oyster Bar allow dogs?
The noise level is average at Starbelly.
The River bar steakhouse and grill does not have live music.
Checkout at Warkworth House is between the hours of 7:30 and 10:00 am.
What alcohol is served at State Bird Provisions?
Are vegan options available?
Are vegan options available?
Great, is there any restaurant onsite?
Do you all have designated areas for smoking?
Restaurant Kohinoor is not wheelchair accessible.
This is a 3 star accommodation. Would you like me to check availability for your dates?
Delivery service is not offered by Darrys Cookkhouse and Wine Shop.
Kadampa Meditation Center San Francisco is not good for kids.
Sure, their address is at Pier 39.
Does your establishment have vegetarian options?
Does the Nopalito accept Google Pay?
Crepes On Cole does not accept Google Play.
Visa, Maestro, and Switch are accepted at Rosa's Bed and Breakfast.
Is there outdoor seating at the Lime Tree Southeast Asian Kitchen?
What's the check in time at Club Donatello?
I want something in a moderate range.
Is Tony's Pizza Napoletana good for groups?
The University Arms Hotel offers room service.
A restaurant and bar are onsite at the Hotel Riu Plaza Fisherman's Wharf.
Dogs are not allowed at Troya.
is delivery service available at Rooster & Rice?
Pick up through the drive thru is not available at DragonEats.
It had meeting and banquet areas for an additional charge
Hi , Can you help me locate a nice place to stay in North Beach?
HI San Francisco City Center Hostel does have a lift.
Are dogs allowed at de Young?
Presidio Parkway Inn is a perfect match, would you like more info?
Do you have a shuttle service I can reserve to take me to the airport?
Halal options are offered at Curry Queen.
The noise level at Sushirrito is average.
I want to see landmarks in Union Square
Can I order takeout from Frisco Fried?
hi i was wondering if you can help me find a ummm hotel that's moderately priced in fisherman's wharf
Do you offer luggage storage service
Does Bay Subs & Deli have vegeterian friendly options?
Yes, private parking is available on-site.
Do you offer outdoor seating at this restaurant?
The rooms at A and B Guest House are not accessible.
The parking options at Kymmoy are validated, street and free off-street parking.
I am hard of hearing, what is the normal noise level?
Rice House does not offer free WiFi.
The Civc Center Motor Inn does not have meeting or banquet facilities.
Check-out time is until 11:00am
The Cambridge Chop House serves a full range of alcohol drinks.
Age restriction for check-in at Bridge Guest House is 18 years of age.
At least 18 years old
What payment methods does Hard Knox Cafe accept?
Warkworth House does have lift.
free wifi is available at Hayes Valley Inn
What breakfast is provided at Days Inn by Wyndham San Francisco Downtown/Civic Cntr Area?
Does New Dumpling King accept credit cards?
Does The Melt-455 Market offer outdoor seating?
Are any deposits required when checking in at Kensington Park Hotel?
No banquet facilities are available at Hotel Del Sol.
No, A Desi Cafe does not offer happy hour.
King George have facility for people with disability.
Hi, do you allow pets at this hotel?
Shanghai Family Restaurant does not offer free WiFi.
Is there a cost for parking at the Pacific Heights Inn by Magnuson Worldwide?
What type of breakfast is offered at the hotel?
What type of breakfast is offered at the hotel?
What type of breakfast is offered at the hotel?
What type of breakfast is offered at the hotel?
What type of breakfast is offered at the hotel?
What type of breakfast is offered at the hotel?
of course they're located at ten fifty seven steiner street and their phone number is four one five seven seven six fifty four sixty two
Is a full bar available?
do you happen to know if they take reservations uhhh in advance
Brazen Head does have TV.
How about FOUND Hotel San Francisco? Would you like to learn more?
hi i'm in san francisco for the first time i'm looking for a place to go hang out in chinatown with some local flavor please
Does Super Duper Burgers have outdoor seating?
Is the WiFi free at this hotel?
Yes, Lombard Street is kid-friendly.
Do you offer outdoor seating at your location?
The address for 16th Avenue Tiled Steps is Moraga St. between 15th & 16th Ave. May I help you with anything else?
Do you have a parking lot?
I want to rent bikes at Fisherman's Wharf
Languages spoken at the Green Tortoise Hostel include English, Spanish, French, Dutch & Russian
Is WiFi available at Hotel Griffon?
Children of any age are welcome.
Children of any age are welcome.
Where can I park at Delicious Dim Sum?
The Melt - 455 Market does not have a drive thru.
Fog Harbor Fish House does offer happy hour.
Does this location provide baggage or luggage storage?
Do you have any designated smoking areas?
Do you have any designated smoking areas?
Yes there is a fitness center onsite.
Are extra beds available for my room?
Street parking is available at Thanh Binh.
Breakfast at Leverton House is home-cooked.
Does YH-Beijing offer take-out ordering?
No, Alamo Square Seafood Grill does not offer free Wifi.
MaMa Ji's does offer happy hour services.
I'm interested in a restaurant in Chinatown that has Moroccan food.
Do you guys offer daily housekeeping service?
Am I allowed to park my bike there?
Luggage storage is not available at Avalon.
There is not outdoor seating at Super Pan.
The University Club of San Francisco have lift available.
Does Marcella's Lasagneria accept Apple Pay?
Super Duper Burgers accepts Credit Cards.
If WifI free at Morty's Delicatessen?
English, French, Korean, and Dutch are available at Chelsea Inn.
Does Dragon Beaux offer vegan friendly options?
The noise level at Marcella's Lasagneria is average.
Do you accept Mastercard?
Is there parking at Shangai Family Restaurant?
WiFi is available at the Gonville Hotel.
Do you have TV available at your location?
BYOB is not available at THE SLUG AND LETTUCE.
Can I call in an order for take out?
Hey, are dogs allowed on the premises there at Zazie?
Is WiFi free at Kitchen Istanbul?
It doesn't appear to have an age restriction.
The noise level at the restaurant is average.
The noise level at the restaurant is average.
Could I bring my dog there?
Can I  order something to go?
The check-out time is until 11:00 AM at The Suites at Fisherman's Wharf.
Elevator/lift is available under listed amenities.
Does B on the Go have delivery?
Rivers Brasserie does not have gluten free options.
No, they do not.
Can I bring my pet to this location?
Are televisions played at the Aziza?
La Taqueria does not have a drive thru.
Anatolia does not have high chairs available.
Rooster & Rice accepts Apple Pay.
Papito Potrero Hill does not have a drive-thru.
Is Papito Potrero Hill kids friendly?
The check-out time at Chancellor Hotel on Union Square is 11:00 a.m.
The languages spoken at the Cow Hollow Inn and Suites are Mandarin, English, Spanish, Italian, Burmese and Cantonese.
Is there WiFi at The Little Chihuahua?
Is there a deposit to be paid?
Arizmendi Bakery doesn't accept Google Pay
Can I use Google Pay at Cuisine of Nepal?
A Continental breakfast is available
How much is Parking at Taj Campton Place?
Apple Pay is not accepted at Kitchen Story.
Gluten free food is not available at The Missing Sock.
Is there a designated smoking area?
How is the ambience at Ramenwell?
Brazen Head accepts credit card payments.
Is Marufuku Ramen SF good for kids?
The ambience of Dumpling Alley is considered casual.
Does Marlowe have outdoor seating?
I want to see a landmark in Alamo Square
At Rooster & Rice, noise level is average (don't worry, no roosters!).
Can i pay with Apple Pay there?
The price range for Hotel Kabuki is moderate.
ok do you know if i need an appointment to go there
Vegan options are available at Foreign Cinema.
Dolores Park is open from 6 AM to 10 PM every day.
No, Bursa does not have TV.
Does the Layne Hotel provide extra beds if needed ?
No, smoking is not allowed anywhere in Carolina Bed And Breakfast.
Is this a good restaurant option for groups?
What payment options are available at Molinari Delicatessen?
No, they don't offer delivery service.
Street parking is available here.
Street parking is available here.
Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop is not wheelchair accessible.
Yes, Backstreet Bistro does take reservations.
Parking is free off-street at ANATOLIA.
The rooms at the Warfield Hotel are heated.
Do you have street parking?
Will there be an onsite concierge service at Arbury Lodge Guesthouse?
Does The Little Gem allow dogs?
Hi, I wanted to check to see if reservation for parking there is needed.
Warf Inn please, and how much does the wifi cost?
What is offered at Opa cafe?
There are no designated smoking areas at Archway House.
Yes, this hotel does offer concierge service.
Smoking is not allowed at The View Lounge.
Yes, Mangal Mediterranean Restaurant offers a delivery service.
The Snug doesn't offer live music.
Yes the Restaurant is Wheelchair Accessible
It is good for groups.
It is good for groups.
It is good for groups.
Does Club Donatello offer WiFi?
Yes, there is free WiFi.
Is Vallejo Street Steps good for kids?
Yes. What price range are you looking for?
Can I sit outside at The Bird?
Air condition is available in rooms at Hotel Zoe Fisherman's Wharf.
Parking is private and on site. Reservation is needed and costs up to $28 a day
High chairs are available at Taj Tandoori.
Are there high chairs at The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway?
Extra beds can be provided for $20.00 per night at the BEI Hotel San Francisco, but the number of beds that can be requested depends on the room.
City Centre North B and B does not have a spa onsite.
Do I need a reservation?
Do I need a reservation?
Do I need a reservation?
Do I need a reservation?
Do I need a reservation?
Do I need a reservation?
Do I need a reservation?
Do I need a reservation?
Turner's Kitchen does not take reservations.
Ailment does not have outdoor seating.
Does Marriott offer room service for in room dining?
There is street parking at Ebisu.
Is there ever live music at Tang Chinese?
Curry Prince does not have high chairs available for babies.
Gluten free options are not available at Rajmahal.
Yes, they offer a concierge service.
Exploratorium After Dark is normally open from 6 PM to 10 PM.
Yes, the restaurant offers take out ordering.
How much is parking at the hotel?
Do you have rooms with disability access?
Do you have rooms with disability access?
Do you have menu choices for vegetarians?
Souvla does not accept cryptocurrency.
What breakfast options are available at Aida Plaza Hotel?
Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen offers delivery.
Does Taylor Hotel San Francisco have elevator?
Can I just come in?
Thanh Binh does not have high chairs availible for babies.
The check-in time is 3:00 pm and is listed at the bottom of the page
The Tilden Hotel provides airport shuttle service.
Is there alcohol available?
Is there alcohol available?
Is there alcohol available?
Is there alcohol available?
Is there alcohol available?
Is there wheelchair accessibility at Papito Hayes?
I apologize, but there is no hotel which fits the specifics you're looking for. May I search for something else for you?
Can I bring my dog to Hotel Zelos San Francisco?
Yes, Hotel Bijou has a banquet facility, available at an additional charge. Would you like more information on this hotel?
DO you have climate control?
It offers outdoor seating.
It offers outdoor seating.
hello i'm looking for a cheap place to eat in union square that serves american traditional food
Presidio Kebab doesn't support Cryptocurrency, but it accepts credit cards.
Does Cordon Bleu serve alcohol?
El Farolito does not have outdoor seating.
Can I get delivery service at Pho 2000?
Do you have a butler?
Do you have a butler?
Do you have a butler?
Yes, Saucy Asian offers takeout.
Does your restaurant feature live music?
Exploratorium is friendly to kids
That would be 94109. How else may I assist you now?
Where is guest parking when staying at University Club?
Could I know the opening hours of San Francisco City Hall?
Kasa Indian Eatery accepts credit cards, Apple Pay and Google Pay.
Does Tilden Hotel have heating?
What payment options are available at De Afghanan Kabob House?
The Lensfield Hotel does not provide luggage storage.
Pier Market Seafood Restaurant offers garage and validated parking.
How would you describe the ambience
I found two Seafood restaurants and one Traditional American restaurant. What would you prefer?
Rin's Thai Restaurant is good for kids.
There are no designated smoking areas at the Motel 6 San Francisco Downtown.
Can I park onsite?
American Express, Mastercard and Visa are payment options available at this restaurant.
Does Curry Queen offer free WiFi?
The address is 1 Letterman Dr, Bldg D, Ste 150, zip code 92129, and the phone number is (415) 655-9413. Can I assist you further?
a reservation for parking is not needed at the Orchard Hotel
Cotto serves wine and beer.
Does Alamo Square have tennis courts?
Is Google Pay okay?
Is there street parking available here?
Is there street parking available here?
Hyatt Regency San Francisco provides daily housekeeping service.
Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine has vegan options.
Bike parking is offered at Good Luck Dim Sum.
Zazie does not offer free WiFi.
The breakfast options at Home from Home are Continental, Italian, Full English/Irish, Vegetarian, Vegan, and Gluten-free.
Is there a happy hour at Uno Dos Tacos?
At Aliment, are groups good?
Does the Chiquito Restaurant Bar have free wifi?
I'm looking in the moderate price range
Noise level is average at Warakubune Sushi.
Sorry, Jake's Steaks doesn't have happy hours.
Do you accept credit cards?
Do you accept credit cards?
Do you accept credit cards?
Do you accept credit cards?
Do you accept credit cards?
Do you accept credit cards?
Do you accept credit cards?
Do you accept credit cards?
Do you accept credit cards?
Do you accept credit cards?
Do you accept credit cards?
Do you accept credit cards?
Do you accept credit cards?
Do you accept credit cards?
Do you accept credit cards?
Do you accept credit cards?
Do you accept credit cards?
Do you accept credit cards?
Do you accept credit cards?
Do you accept credit cards?
Do you accept credit cards?
Do you accept credit cards?
Do you accept credit cards?
Are the facility for people with disability?
Are the facility for people with disability?
What time do I have to be out of my room when I check out?
WiFi is not free at Fitzbillies Restaurant.
What kind of take out is there?
The Coit Tower is not wheelchair accessible.
Can I put in a take-out order at your location?
Are there any services at the front desk?
No, the zoo does not accept Apple Pay.
There are rooms available that accommodate additional guests with additional charge for each additional guest that is 12 yrs of age and older.
There is no alcohol.
Franciscan Crab Restaurant does not have gluten-free options.
Meeting and banquet facilities are provided at Hotel Vitale, a Joie de Vivre Hotel.
Tandoori Palace does not have halal options.
They are a four star hotel. Anything else I can get for you?
Khamsa is not good for kids.
Does Plain Jane have vegan friendly options?
Dry cleaning is not specified but laundry service at an additional fee is listed.
Warkworth House offers a kitchen service but it is microwave only.
Rosa's does not have a designated smoking area.
Does the THE HOTPOT offer take-out ordering?
Does Nob Hill Hotel offer dry cleaning services?
The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway does not offer delivery as a service option.
Is there a place to park my car at Backstreet Bistro?
There is WiFi available in all areas at Tilden Hotel for an additional charge.
Are dogs allowed at Bistro At The Cliff House?
I want to a place to stay in Presidio.
SAJJ Mediterranean does accept Apple Pay.
Can you tell me about the noise level at your location?
Yes, SF Honey Pig Korean BBQ has vegan and vegetarian options
Does this location have an elevator?
Advance reservations are not needed for parking at HI San Francisco City Center Hostel.
Does  Plaj Scandinavian Restaurant & Bar accept Apple Pay?
Yes Opa cafe have TV.
Attire for Piccino is casual.
When are the Cathedral of Saint Mary of the Assumption's opening hours?
Rusty's Southern has bike parking.
Does New Eritrea Restaurant & Bar have a TV?
There is not seating outside at Kymmoy.
Does The Willows Inn accept credit cards?
Tony's Pizza Napoletana is not wheelchair accessible.
Their phone number is (415) 357-4000. Any other question?
Is there parking available at Aquarium Of The Bay?
Yes, Hotel Drisco has 24-hour room service.
Nando's has high chairs for infants.
Do you have smoke friendly rooms?
what is the noise level at Hunan Home's Restaurant?
Great, do you know when Alamo Square opens for business?
The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel has a fitness center and gym onsite.
Does Saigon Sandwich have outdoor seating?
ummm yeah actually i'm looking for places to stay in the same area of presidio with uhhh ummm with some moderate prices preferably a hotel
Is Chubby Noodle good for groups?
Yes, there is free off-street parking.
a conserve is available at The Ritz-Carlton, San Francisco
Yes, take-out is available at Peking Restaurant.
Is cryptocurrency accepted at The Ramp?
WiFi is available free of charge in all areas at Andrews Hotel, San Francisco.
Amarena is not suitable for kids.
Taqueria Los Coyotes does not accept Cryptocurrency.
Do you know if they offer accessible parking?
Hot Sauce and Panko has delivery service available to customers.
What credit cards do you all take?
Yes a delivery service is offered.
Does THE GARDENIA offer Free Wifi?
Great. Can I get the address and phone number?
Is there an age restriction for check-in?
Unfortunately, none of them are in the cheap price range but Argonaut Hotel, Hotel Riu Plaza, Hotel Zoe, Hyatt Centric, and Marriott are all moderately priced.
A daily continental breakfast is provided.
Saigon Sandwich does not have outdoor seating.
Air-conditioning is provided at the Argonaut Hotel, a Noble House Hotel.
Is there a TV at Coqueta?
non-smoking rooms
What is the minimum age of entry?
The Archway House does not provide any shuttle service.
Is there any security deposit required to stay at Parker Guest House?
Pets are not allowed at the Bay Bridge Inn San Francisco.
The website states that they do provide daily housekeeping.
Lucky Pig doesn't have high chair.
Yes, The Rotunda does offer take-out ordering.
Acorn Guest House does not provide breakfast for free.
Does Gotel Vitale have a lift/elevator?
I have one result. Check out The 16th Avenue Tiled Steps.
Does your bar accept credit cards?
BYOB is not allowed at Fitzbillies Restaurant.
Hi, what are the parking options there?
Pizzeria Delfina - Pacific Heights does not accept Apple Pay.
Michaelhouse Cafe has several vegetarian options.
Hello. Can you please help me find a garden to visit in Lakeshore?
There is no WiFi at the Cable Car - Powell/Hyde Line.
The ambience of Glaze Teriyaki is average.
Tilak has average noise level.
Do you offer heating in your hotel rooms?
WiFi is available and free of charge.
There is validated parking, street parking, and free off street parking offered at Hotel Du Vin and Bistro.
Unfortunately, this restaurant does not offer WiFi service.
Yippee Noodle Bar offers take-out ordering.
Jin Mi Korean Cusine does offer take-out services.
Shiraz Restaurant does not have vegetarian friendly options.
Do they serve alcohol?
Vegetarian foods are available at ALI BABA.
What time is check in please?
Are there high chairs available at Restaurant Two Two?
There are no outdoor seating available.
Can I come in really late?
Can I come in really late?
There is a restaurant and bar at Hotel Zoe Fisherman's Wharf.
Charges may be applied for pets staying at The Marker SF.
How is the noise level at Bistro At The Cliff House?
Tselogs does accept Google Pay.
Yes, guests may park their car for free at the Inn on Broadway.
Do you have a nice happy hour?
Does Rice House have gluten free options?
Well, how long is the trail at Lands End Lookout?
What is the noise level at Blue Barn Gourmet?
Is this site wheelchair accessible?
Is this site wheelchair accessible?
It would be okay. Do they speak french at this hotel?
Dogs are not allowed at La Mediterranee.
Does The GrilledCheezGuy have happy hour?
Subs does not offer delivery service.
Perilla is good for groups.
Is Cartoon Art Museum wheelchair accessible?
What kind of parking is available at your establishment?
Are there meeting or banquet facilities at Worth House?
What are the business hours of Ripley's Believe It or Not?
Is there a charge for WiFi?
Super Pan has vegan friendly options.
Can I park my car at Fort Point?
is there parking available onsite?
Brenda's Meat & Three does not accept cryptocurrency.
Yes, the hotel offers an onsite bar and Italian restaurant.
Does Saffron 685 have gluten free options?
The admission fee at the Walt Disney Family Museum is $25 for adults and $15 for children.
Warkeworth house does not have a swimming pool.
Dogs are allowed at The Ramp.
No there is no dress code at A Mano
Does Pakwan Restaurant serve alcohol?
The Swan Oyster Depot serves beer and wine only.
Peking Restaurant is wheelchair accessible.
Marnee Thai does not accept Google Pay.
Sure I can recommend Golden Gate Bridge Welcome Center at the Golden Gate bridge
pacific heights
What languages are available for support by the hotel staff?
I need a hotel in Marina
Sounds good. I will also be needed a place to stay in that area. Something cheap like a hostel with a 1 star rating.
of course they're located on the corner of the embarcadero and beach street their zip code is nine four one three three and their phone number is four one five seven zero five fifty five zero zero
Yes Free WiFi is available at Cotogna.
Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Union Square is a 3 star, moderately priced hotel, would you like to make a reservation?
Are there high chairs at your restaurant?
Takeout orders are accepted at Fitzbillies Restaurant.
Yes, there is private parking at the hotel
What time is the front desk open?
Can I order from Kin Khao for delivery?
Where can I smoke in the hotel?
Does White Swan Inn have 24-hour front desk service?
Can I park my bicycle at Kokkari Estiatorio?
Yes, Hotel Griffon provides daily housekeeping service.
Is dry cleaning service available at University Club of San Francisco?
Great. What is the admission fee for the zoo?
Do you have a full bar there?
Do you have a full bar there?
Do you have a full bar there?
Do you have an elevator?
Do you have an elevator?
Do you have an elevator?
Do you have an elevator?
Do you have an elevator?
Do you have an elevator?
Do you have an elevator?
Eraina accepts Mastercard and Visa as payment.
Yes, The Rotunda does offer takeout service. Do you want any other information about this restaurant?
Is there disability facility at Orchard Garden Hotel?
WiFi at the Suites at Fisherman's Wharf is free.
Pets are not allowed at Orchard Garden Hotel.
The Sesame Restaurant and Bar does not offer delivery service.
Dogs are not allowed at Pica Pica Arepa Kitchen.
Extra beds are available here.
Extra beds are available here.
Are groups allowed?
I would like a moderate price range.
What time is check-in at the Grant Hotel?
No kitchen is available here.
Do this property have a meeting or banquet facility?
Is there outdoor seating available at Rintaro?
Does The Monk's Kettle have happy hour specials?.
The restaurant is wheelchair accessible.
do you accept reservations
The Front Porch restaurant does offer free WiFi.
Where is the nearest restaurant?
Prezzo is wheelchair accessible.
The Lensfield Hotel has laundry facilities.
WiFi is available free of charge at Inn on Folsom.
Tasty Pot offers free WiFi.
The rooms at Parker Guest House are heated.
Do you guys have bike parking available?
Yes, University Arms Hotel provides concierge services.
I need a park in Potrero Hill.
Is parking available on site?
Is parking available on site?
The Travelodge by Wyndham Presidio San Francisco does not offer any extra beds.
DO you offer BYOB?
This restaurant is wheelchair accessible.
Archway does not provide dry cleaning
the front desk at the hotel is accessible 24/7
The parking is free at The Cambridge Belfry
What time is check-out at your hotel?
What time is check-out at your hotel?
The ambiance of MaMa Ji's is casual, and classy.
Is there a fitness center at Gonville Hotel?
Perilla is good for kids.
The Grafton Hotel Restaurant does not have halal options.
Do you have take-out service available there?
What is offered at The Little Chihuahua?
What is the cost of the WiFi?
Does it cost any admission fee to visit Saint Mary of the Assumption?
Hi! I would like to book a room for Thursday in Pacific heights. I need a cheap, 2 star motel, and concierge service would be great!
A breakfast buffet is available at Hotel Bijou.
Yes, Curry Garden has delivery options.
Pets are not allowed at the Club Donatello.
You can park your bike at Subs.
What is the noise level at Arizmendi Bakery?
Can you find a place to stay in the same area?
What types of alcohol is available at Helmand Palace?
Bike parking is available at The Front Porch.
Does Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Downtown have meeting and banquet facilities?
SF Honey Pig Korean BBQ does not have outdoor seats.
Bloomsbury Restaurant does not have halal options.
No, Ripley's Believe It or Not! is not by appointment only.
Where can I park?
Where can I park?
Where can I park?
There are no breakfast options available at Coventry Inn.
What is the noise level at the restaurant?
What is the noise level at De Afghanan Kabob House?
Bike parking is available at Falafelland.
Would you suggest this B on the Go for groups?
Atelier Crenn does not offer take-out ordering.
I will have a child with me, are they welcome at Archway House?
A Mano is good for kids.
Yes, Oakland Museum of California is kid-friendly.
Manna serves beer and wine only.
The Orchard Garden Hotel provides airport shuttle service.
Does Kim Son Vietnamese Restaurant offer free WiFi?
Pets are not allowed at Inn on Folsom.
There is both a lot and street parking available at Ocean Beach.
Do I need to reserve parking at Alpha-Milton Guest House?
Is there outdoor seating at Norish Cafe?
What is on the breakfast menu?
La Taqueria serves Beer and Wine Only.
Does Starbelly have delivery service?
Yes Kitchen Story accepts Google pay.
You can ask but they don't offer extra beds.
What are the business hours for Aquarium Of The Bay?
Is there a TV available?q
This is a small parking lot and on the street parking
I don't need the address, but would appreciate you telling me when Bay City Bike Rentals and Tours' opening hours are.
Are the rooms at Europa Hostel heated?
Helmand Palace offers vegetarian options.
Park Tavern does not accept Google Pay.
Nopa takes reservations.
Hi, can you tell me if you accept take out orders there?
Bac Lieu Restaurant has an average noise level.
Is there any security deposit required to stay at Taj Campton Place?
Check in time at Winsor Hotel is 3:00 pm
do you have takeout
Yes, Hyde Street Pier offers bike parking.
Truly Mediterranean does not serve alcohol.
Does Lao Table have a TV?
All rooms include air conditioning.
Does Kin Khao accept takeout orders?
Is Mars Bar & Restaurant kid-friendly?
I want to go to the aquarium at Fisherman's Wharf
yes that's fine and do they mention whether they speak chinese
Concierge services are provided to guests at the Hotel Kabuki.
The Hidden Garden Steps are open 24 hours a day Monday to Friday and is closed Saturdays and Sundays.
Does Limehouse provide breakfast?
The Club Donatello does not offer extra beds in the room. Anything else?
No, this property doesn't offer meeting or banquet facilities.
Does Brazen Head have a t.v.?
Dragon Gate is open 7 days a week, 24 hours a day.
I do not have a visitor's center in Fisherman's Wharf. Would you like me to look in another area?
The address is 28 Cyril Magnin Street and the phone is (415) 392-9466. Are you interested in booking?
There is a restaurant on site at the Laurel Inn, a Joie de Vivre Hotel
Yes and the price range is cheap.
I can accommodate you for that.
Does Fairmont San Francisco provide concierge?
Is the food good?
There is no four star hotels there but SW Hotel is 3 stars and have a nice location.
Hinodeya Ramen Bar has soy free options.
No they do not.
No they do not.
Holiday Inn San Francisco - Golden Gateway has a restaurant and bar available but nothing specific is listed.
The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen restaurant does offer parking for bikes.
Birdsong does not offer happy hour.
Are you wheelchair friendly?
Yes you can come and get outdoor seating for you meal.
Is there WiFi at Hinodeya Ramen Bar?
No, the Balmy Street Murals do not have a phone number. They do have an address, though; they are located at 1-100 Balmy St. Is there anything else I can help you with?
How much time it will take to finish the guided tour at Grace Cathedral?
Are there vegan options at Pizzetta 211?
Does Hunan Home's Restaurant have soy free options?
the Hotel Nikko San Francisco has an elevator available
There is bike parking available at The Bird.
Marnee Thai does not offer free WiFi.
Yes, Rooster & Rice has high chairs.
Is cryptocurrency accepted at Nojo Ramen Tavern?
Parking is limited near Seven Hills but available at the garage at 1959 Polk Street.
Super Duper Burgers does have free WiFi.
Does this hotel offer extra beds?
Yes, it has delivery service.
Yes, it has delivery service.
Yes, it has delivery service.
The check in time at the Andrews Hotel is 3:00 pm
WiFi is free throughout the Winsor Hotel.
Yes, Woodhouse Fish is kid-friendly.
Yes, Turner's Kitchen offers bike parking.
No, Royal Pacific Motor Inn is a smoke-free property.
Is there outdoor seating at Liholiho Yacht Club?
QingShu doesn't support Google Pay as a payment option.
Do you have a television?
Is there a picnic area available at Alamo Square?
University Club of San Francisco has a fitness center.
Kitchen Story does have vegeterian options.
Curry King does not offer live music at this time.
Does Crepes On Cole offer bicycle parking?
Yes. Exploratorium offer free WiFi.
The Autumn House does not have a safe deposit box.
Does Super Duper Burgers have a drive-thru?
Does Shish Ke Baba take reservations?
It provides free WiFi.
Is WiFi available there?
Yes, reservations taken.
Can you tell me if the Amsterdam Hostel charges to park there?
Bike parking is available at KoJa Kitchen.
Is Bella Trattoria good for groups?
Extra beds can be requested and are subject to room size and availablity.
Is alcohol served at Souvla?
Limehouse does not provide any shuttle service.
Is there private parking?
English and Italian are spoken at Worth House.
No that's fine. Can you find me cheap hotel in North Beach?
Do you have any live music?
Do you have any live music?
Yes, the rooms at the hotel are heated.
The King George hotel provides baggage storage.
Are there smoking rooms available or just non-smoking?
Cuisine of Nepal is wheelchair accessible.
How's the noise at The Melt - 455 Market?
Do the rooms have heating available in them?
Is there a vegan menu at Karaweik Burmese Cuisine?
Does The View Lounge take reservations?
Coqueta is good for kids.
No, dogs aren't allowed at this establishment.
What are the payment options at El Farolito?
The Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen does not accept Apple Pay.
Delivery is available at Pizza Hut City Centre.
The ambience of Shalimar is casual, classy.
Do you need a reservation to park at the Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf?
There is free parking at the Autumn House.
I want to go to a park in Potrero Hill
What cards do you accept for payment?
What cards do you accept for payment?
Home From Home does not have any meeting or banquet facilities.
Is there outdoor seating available at Aria Korean Street Food?
are you aware of any local flavor in North Beach or telegraph Hill
Will there be any extra beds upon request?
Loch Fyne does not offer live music.
No, casual attire is fine at Seven Hills.
Is there a happy hour at Nick's Crispy Tacos?
Does the Bedouin have gluten free options available?
Is your hotel air conditioned?
Does Brazen Head have a dress code?
Fable accepts credit cards.
No, Sutro's at The Cliff House does not allow dogs.
What is the attire like at The Alembic?
Can I park my car at Nob Hill Motor Inn?
Do you have any staff that speaks European languages?
Is free WiFi offered at de Young?
Varsity has vegetarian friendly options.
Credit cards are accepted at Cellarmaker house of pizza.
Is there WiFi at San Francisco Marriott Marquis Union Square?
Am I able to smoke in my room at the hotel?
Pets are allowed at JW Marriott San Francisco Union Square and charges may apply.
Is there takeout available?
No, there are no TVs at Cotogna.
Are reservations required at Dragon Beaux?
Yes, Frankie and Benny's has vegetarian friendly options.
What types of credit cards do you all accept?
Yes, Wagamama serves alcohol.
Does Bellota accept Apple Pay?
There is a place to store luggage at The Cambridge Belfry.
WiFi is available at hotel rooms for free of charge at Civic Center Inn.
What is the dress code at Exploratorium?
Answer:
Pakwan Restaurant does not have WiFi.
The Axiom Hotel does not provide reservations for parking because it is not needed, as there are private parking nearby.
Do guests have to be a certain age to check in?
Frascati has an average noise level.
You can park your car off-road.
Tilden Hotel has a fitness facility.
Galleria Park, a Joie de Vivre Hotel does not have lift. There are elevators but not lift.
The Willows Inn provides baggage storage.
Payment options at Lan Hong House include credit cards.
It is good for kids.
Hey, can you tell me if you guys do delivery?
First, can you give me the phone number and address for HI San Francisco Downtown Hostel?
Cryptocurrency is not accepted at Liholiho Yacht Club.
Yes, $500 damage deposit is required on arrival.
Is Kitchen Istanbul large enough for groups?
Free off-street parking is available at Rajmahal.
yeah. yeah i was looking for expensive price price range itself thank you so uhhh can you get me the type of accommodation they're providing ok yeah sure go ahead
Yes, Hogwash does have vegan options.
Yes, delivery is available at this establishment.
Is Apple Pay accepted at Randall Museum?
Can you also give me the opening hours of Musee Mecanique right now?
what is your price range
Are children allowed to stay?
Sons & Daughters does take reservations.
Does Aquarium Of The Bay offer military discounts?
Does Benu accept reservations?
There is no accessible parking at Ashley hotel.
Is Google Pay offered?
Do you have indoor and outdoor seating?
Do you have indoor and outdoor seating?
There is free WiFi available in all areas at Lombard Plaza Motel.
What parking does Nojo Ramen Tavern offer?
The noise level at My Tofu House is average.
Private parking at the hotel is $55 per day.
When is the front desk service available?
ok sure let me see what i can find for you ok i'm able to pull up a few places one of them that people do tend to enjoy is called the taj campton place
The noise level at Champa Garden is average.
Is there a cost for parking?
Is there a cost for parking?
They offer free WiFi at this Hotel.
Is there a restaurant near this place?
You cannot order room service at Finches Bed and Breakfast.
Pets are not allowed at Hampton Inn San Francisco Downtown/Convention Center.
Delivery service is not available.
Delivery service is not available.
Delivery service is not available.
Delivery service is not available.
Delivery service is not available.
Delivery service is not available.
Delivery service is not available.
Delivery service is not available.
Yes,  InterContinental San Francisco provides room services.
Nopalito has outdoor seating available.
yeah let me see what i can find. i found two spots i recommend the pier market sea food restaurant
La Tasca currently offers: American Express, Visa and Mastercard as payment options.
This Pizza Hut does not offer live music.
Does Kensington Park Hotel have disability services?
Chinese would be great.
Dogs are allowed at the Deli Board restaurant.
This restaurant offers take-out.
This restaurant offers take-out.
Do you guys take any forms of crypto?
is payment info available online at Cuisine of Nepal?
Hunan Home's Restaurant will accept credit card payments, but does not accept Google Pay.
Is Wi-Fi available at Hotel Boheme?
Does the MAHAL OF CAMBRIDGE have Car Parking?
What is your procedure for room cleaning ?
Is it possible to order delivery?
can we drop before check in our luggage off?
No, Troya does not offer happy hour.
Cocum serves alcohol drinks.
Farm : Table does not have TV.
This hotel is in the moderate price range. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Do you have alcoholic beverages?
Do you have alcoholic beverages?
Does Kaiju Eats Ramen and Izakaya accept Google Pay?
YES, daily housekeeping service
There is no TV available at DragonEats.
Hello, what is the recommend dresscode?
Do you offer vegan friendly foods?
What is the noise level at The Front Porch?
What languages are spoken here?
What languages are spoken here?
Can I make a reservation for Saturday?
Is your hotel known for a lot of noise?
There are no high chairs.
There are no high chairs.
There are no high chairs.
Jasmine Garden does not allow dogs.
Do I have to pay for parking at Petite Auberge.
Credi . Debit cash
hello i'm planning my trip to san francisco and i was wondering there's a good museum that i could go to there
Nob Hill Hotel has a business center.
Yes they have bike parking.
Is daily housekeeping available at  Twin Peaks Hotel?
Sutro Baths has street and lot parking available
There is no delivery service offered at DragonEats.
Does The Suites at Fisherman's Wharf have any meeting or banquet facilities?
okay sounds good ummm and then one last thing do you know the zip code of that was
Is there a restaurant and bar in the hotel?
Do you all offer take out?
Benu is not good for kids.
Room service is provided at Hotel Zoe Fisherman's Wharf.
What kind of parking does your hotel offer?
That sounds good. Are you able to tell me what the opening hours are for Ferry Building Bike Rentals?
There is no spa onsite at ALEXANDER BED AND BREAKFAST.
Grubbin' is a good place for kids.
How is the ambiance there?
Yes, the street parking is available.
No, Warakubune Sushi isn't good for groups.
Azalina's has a private parking garage and offer validating.
Does The Melt - 455 Market have vegeterian friendly options?
How is the noise level at Plain Jane?
There is not a kitchen available for guests at the Kirkwood, but a coffee and tea maker is provided.
English, Spanish, French, Filipino and Chinese are all spoken at this hotel.
What is the ambience at underdogs Too?
Royal Spice does not offer any halal options.
Is Mama's On Washington Square recommended for groups?
Can you find an art museum in Fisherman's Wharf for me?
Hello. Can you please help me find a Landmark to visit in San Francisco?
Is there any parking at Starbelly?
I'd recommend the San Fransisco Zoo located at 1 Zoo Rd.
Does Hilton San Francisco Union Square have 24-hour front desk service?
Frisco Fried does have televisions.
Does Bangkok City have high chairs available?
Bangkok City does not have high chairs available.
What breakfast options are available at Orchard Garden Hotel?
WiFi is free at Fitzgerald Hotel Union Square.
Is COCUM wheelchair accessible?
What alcohol is offered at Souvla?
Do you guys have outdoor seating?
Do you guys have outdoor seating?
Apple Pay is not accepted at Hogwash.
You can make a reservation at Mahal of Cambridge.
Brenda's Meat & Three serves alcohol.
Bike parking is available at Aha Fresh.
Is there a shuttle?
I want to go to a public market in North Beach/Telegraph Hill
Are high chairs available at La Taqueria?
Haas-Lilienthal House does not take Apple Pay.
Is free WiFi available at this hotel?
Do you allow table reservations?
Does Saigon Sandwich accept Apple Pay?
Is google pay allowed there?
Happy hour is offered at Hogwash.
What is the mood like at Papito Potrero Hill?
Does your Inn provide any WiFi service for guests?
When is the earliest I can check in?
Can I pay with Cryptocurrency at Fayala?
Brenda's French Soul Food is good for kids.
Yes, the de Young offers free WiFi.
Does The Missing Sock serve alcohol?
Yes, Prezzo has gluten free options.
Is there a TV at New Fortune Restaurant?
Yale Hotel's front desk is open 24 hours
Yes, beer and wine only.
The Ashley Hotel offers a full English/Irish breakfast.
Yes, Hidden Garden Steps is kid-friendly.
Deli Board has street parking.
Do you take crytocurrency?
Can I request an extra cot?
Can I request an extra cot?
Can I request an extra cot?
Can I request an extra cot?
Can I request an extra cot?
Can I request an extra cot?
Can I request an extra cot?
Can I request an extra cot?
Can I request an extra cot?
Can I request an extra cot?
Does Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine take reservations?
Can I do a take-out order from your restaurant?
You cannot stay with your pets at Ashley Hotel.
Yes, can you book me a table for 8 at 1:30pm today please in Western Addition? I'm looking for a restaurant that serves bar food.
Is Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen a good place for kids?
yes alcohol is served here
There is no specific dress code for Aliment, attire is usually casual.
Do you allow kids there?
Besharam does not allow dogs
Yes, the Exploratorium is wheelchair accessible.
Does Delicious Dim Sum offer take-out?
Does THE COW PIZZA KITCHEN AND BAR offer gluten free options?
Hey, is bike parking available at Troya?
What kind of ambience does The Front Porch have?
Super Duper Burgers are good for groups.
Yes it is, and it doesn't cost a thing to connect to.
Piccino does not allow dogs.
Yes, it has vegan menu options.
Leopold's does not offer free WiFi.
No, SF Honey Pig Korean BBQ does not allow dogs.
Is there parking available for cars at Courtyard by Marriott Fishermans Wharf?
Yes, there are vegetarian options available.
Yes, there are vegetarian options available.
Is there any trail at Baker Beach?
Are there any fitness center?
Are there any fitness center?
Does your Inn mention a limit on people for the convention center?
Saigon City allows American Express, Mastercard and Visa for payment options.
What languages are spoken at your location?
Does Truly Mediterranean accept Apple Pay as payment?
What type of payment methods are accepted at Chelsea Inn?
Yes, Nopalito offers happy hour.
Does Alcatraz Island allow dogs?
Is Apple Pay accepted at Burmese Kitchen?
Does The GrilledCheezGuy have any delivery service?
Yu Garden does not offer vegetarian friendly options at this time.
Arbury Lodge Guesthouse does not have a spa onsite.
Yes, airport drop-off and shuttle service is available for an additional charge.
Kaiju Eats Ramen and Izakaya has television services.
There is no address listed but it is located in the 94129 zip code. The phone number is (415) 561-5300.
Is outdoor seating available?
Is outdoor seating available?
Is outdoor seating available?
Is outdoor seating available?
Is outdoor seating available?
Is outdoor seating available?
Does the Worth House offer a free breakfast?
Glaze Teriyaki does offer take-out ordering.
Do you have washer and dryer available?
Are meeting and banquet facilities available?
Visa,
The Shiraz Restaurant does not serve alcohol.
DO you take credit cards?
What is the  earliest time for check in ?
The restaurant does serve alcohol.
What's the check-in time at your hotel?
B on the Go is adequate for children.
You can check-in at 3:00p or later.
No pets allowed
No, Kin Khao does not have TV.
Are there safety deposit boxes at Worth House?
Besharam offers accessibility of wheelchairs
Club Donatello is a 4 star hotel in that area. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Can I pick up my order from Hard Knox Cafe through the drive thru?
High chairs are available at Da Vinci Pizzeria.
Air conditioning is in rooms at The Ritz-Carlton, San Francisco.
Guest have until 11 am to check out of the hotel.
Does it have a concierge service?
Does the Pier Market Seafood Restaurant have outdoor seating?.
do they accept AMEX there?
I want to see a landmark in Chinatown
Do you have extra fold out beds for kids?
La Margherita offers alcohol.
What is the check-in time for the Four Seasons?
HK Fusion accepts Visa, MasterCard and American Express.
The hotel is in the expensive price range. The address is 2655 Hyde Street, telephone number is (415) 771-0200, and 94109 is the ZIP code. Let me know when you'd like me to book your room please.
Yes it lists near by parking for 30 dollars a day.
Can I book a table in advance at your restaurant?
Amarena serves beer and wine only.
This property accepts American Express, Visa, Mastercard, and Discover.
Yes, Troya has television.
No the slug does not deliver at at all
Is there any age restriction to check-in at Dakota Hostel and Hotel?
Parking at JW Marriott San Francisco Union Square is $66 per day.
Archway House doesn't provide any concierge service.
Yes, there are onsite bars and restaurants.
Manna does accept Credit Cards.
Great, do I need to make a reservation for parking?
Pets cannot stay at Inn San Francisco
Underdogs Too does not accept reservations.
GRAFFITI does offer free WiFi.
Parking is only available at street for Old Jerusalem Restaurant's customers.
Can I order something to take away?
Yeah, how about a hotel that has three stars?
Free WiFi is available at Lao Table.
Check in starts at 3:00 pm.
I want to bring my baby with me and was wondering if you have high chairs?
Hops & Hominy offers delivery service.
Nopalito has a full bar to serve alcohol.
Does this restaurant have a vegan option?
Does your estabkishment have half price drinks and discounted appetizers after work?
Does Amerena play TV?
Beit Rima does offer vegetarian options.
Cool Cravings is wheelchair accessible.
Nojo Ramen Tavern is perfect for kids.
Rusty's Southern does not accept Apple Pay.
The address for Grant Plaza Hotel is 465 Grant Avenue.
The most expensive in this area is the Four Seasons Hotel San Francisco. Do you need any more information?
Do you have any outdoor tables I could reserve?
When is the check-out time at Cityroomz?
Since it's cold at night, do your room have gas fireplaces?
Room service is available at the Lombard Plaza Motel.
Yes, Outerlands has a full bar.
Does you hotel offer disability access?
Is bike parking available at Pier Market Seafood Restaurant?
Is Hyde Street Pier good for kids?
This place is in the expensive range. Can I help you with anything else?
Worth House does not offer any room with disability access.
Yes. The Front Porch have TV.
No, La Mediterranee is not by appointment only.
Is The Halal Guys a good place for groups?
Is the WiFi service offered at the Carriage Inn free?
Yes, there is air-conditioning.
You can, but it is not recommended to ride 7D Experience if you experience motion sickness on rides.
Can I make the reservation for an outdoor table?
High chairs are not available here.
High chairs are not available here.
High chairs are not available here.
High chairs are not available here.
High chairs are not available here.
The Cambridge Belfry check-out time is until 11:00 am.
The noise level is average at Franciscan Crab Restaurant.
Lao Table has a Full Bar.
Is there any bike parking at Pharaohs Mediterranean Sandwiches?
Kitchen Story does not have a drive thru.
Can I get a pet-friendly room?
Can I get alcohol at Saigon Sandwich?
Yes, there's the Embarcadero Public Promenade. Would you like their contact information?
Is Hogwash wheelchair accessible?
BYOB is not possible at PIZZA EXPRESS FEN DITTON.
Is take out possible at Pushkin?
Does your hotel have heating and a/c?
Is WiFi available in the rooms?
Do they have smoking areas available?
Dragon Beaux serves beer and wine only.
There is no parking or bike parking at all.
Home From Home does provide housekeeping every day.
Are there any vegan options on the menu?
Check-in time is from 3:00pm
Bike parking is offered.
Do you have any seating outside?
The Oasis Inn has a lift.
Is free breakfast available for guests?
No it does not.
Do you accept Cryptocurrency when booking?
How much is the dry cleaning at this hotel?
Does Outerlands deliver?
San Francisco Marriot Fisherman's Wharf accepts Visa, Mastercard, American Express, Discover, Diners Club, JBC and UnionPay.
Does Saru Sushi Bar offer live music?
Alpha Inn and Suites has rooms with disability ammenities.
here let me check that okay so it just says that they expect um accept credit cards not specifically visa or not
What credit cards are accepted?
What credit cards are accepted?
What credit cards are accepted?
What credit cards are accepted?
Live music is not offered at Lan Hong House.
I do not see anything saying that animals are allowed, so I would say that they are not allowed as usual in a restaurant except service trained animals.
Can you tell me about the parking at your location?
Uncle Boy's does not have bike parking.
Warkworth House does not offer room service.
Is this wheelchair accessible?
Is this wheelchair accessible?
Private Parking Available, Charges Apply.
Hey, is it possible to park my bike there?
Yes, how does the Oakland Museum of California sound to you?
What does it cost?
Am I able to call ahead to reserve a table?
Jasmine Garden has vegan and vegetarian friendly options.
Parking at Hotel Nikko San Francisco costs 65 USD per day.
There are three options for art in that area. Magowan's Infinite Mirror Maze, San Francisco Carousel or San Francisco Dungeon. Would you like additional information on any of those?
Does your hotel have any smoking rooms?
Yes please. I'd like to know how much the admission fee is for the museum.
Yes, Ushio Ramen is good for groups.
Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen has vegetarian options.
Saffron 685 does not offer Wifi.
There is no concierge service at WARKWORTH HOUSE.
Comfort Inn By the Bay Hotel San Francisco does not have a kitchen on site.
HK Fusion has no outdoor seating.
Does Aha Fresh have happy hour?
They do not offer onsite parking. Do you need anymore information?
I'm not seeing anything matching your criteria. Do you want to try a different location?
I'll try the Inn at Union Square. Could I get their phone number please?
Does Frascati allow dogs?
the Sushirrito does not allow dogs.
Ashley Hotel does not provide daily housekeeping service.
The Golden Wok does not serve any alcohol.
Are you cash only?
Public parking is available at a location nearby Layne Hotel. There is also street parking.
Yes, Tilak offers bike parking.
Yes, the front desk is available 24 hours.
Yes, hello I would like to pay using google pay do you accept that?
Tadu Ethiopian Kitchen does not have TV.
Brenda's Meat & Three accepts credit cards.
Are pets allowed here?
How much is the car parking fee?
Champa Garden does not have a happy hour.
Souvla is good for kids.
Souvla is good for kids.
What is the atmosphere of Craftsman and Wolves?
No, El Shaddai does not offer any shuttle service.
Outdoor seating is available at Piccino.
What is check out time?
Can you get the opening hours of Twin Peaks too?
The ambience of Old Jerusalem Restaurant is considered casual.
Does Thanh Binh have free WiFi?
Yes, there is daily housekeeping service at the Alpha Inn and Suites.
Do they have take out?
Check-out at the European Hostel is 10:00 AM.
Is there any outdoor seating at your establishment?
Are there any meeting or banquet facilities at Bridge Guest House?
Children are not allowed at the Limehouse.
Yes there is. Four Seasons Hotel San Francisco is the only 5 star hotel in Union Square.
Hi, what form of payments do you accept?
The noise level is average at Aria Korean Street Food.
Do they offer housekeeping service?
No, California Academy of Sciences does not allow dogs.
Anchor Oyster Bar does not offer delivery service.
Is there parking available for cars at Cinderella Bakery & Cafe?
Does the Super Duper Burgers accept Google Pay?
Yes, TV is available at this restaurant.
Does Kensington Park Hotel have parking?
Does your restaurant take Apply Pay for payment?
This is a smoke-free property.
This is a smoke-free property.
This is a smoke-free property.
Hi, can you tell me if you guys take credit cards?
What is the check-out time at the hotel?
Cordon Bleu has vegetarian friendly options
Panahar does not offer live music.
Can I bring in a large group?
Are there any fitness center or gym available on site?
Airport shuttle is available for an additional charge.
Clowns Cafe does not offer live music at their establishment.
Are the rooms at Cable Car Hotel heated?
The check-out time at Galleria Park, a Joie de Vivre Hotel is 12:00pm.
Yes, the restaurants accepts Apple Pay.
Can I make a reservation at New Eritrea Restaurant & Bar?
Does your establishment offer take out ordering?
Yes, bike parking is available at Coqueta.
This hotel accepts American Express, Visa, Mastercard, Diners Club International, and Discover.
What is the average noise level at Han Il Kwan?
Yes, you can use wheelchairs at this restaurant.
Is outdoor seating available at SAJJ Mediterranean?
This hostel provides a continental breakfast daily.
Yes, the Golden Curry takes reservations.
WiFi is free at Chateau Tivoli Bed and Breakfast.
WiFi is free at Chateau Tivoli Bed and Breakfast.
Can I make a reservation for dinner this evening?
What is the check in time for your hotel?
No, Tartine Bakery & Cafe does not accept Google Pay.
Do I need to give a security deposit when I check in?
Yes, Galleria is wheelchair accessible.
WiFi is available at $14.95 per 24 hours.
The front desk is open for 24 hours.
Hobsons house does not have a fitness center or gym onsite.
Yes, The Italian Homemade Company offers delivery.
Yes, The Italian Homemade Company offers delivery.
Papito Hayes does not have gluten free options.
Wifi is available free of charge at Hotel Courtyard Marriott Downtown, San Francisco, CA.
Good afternoon, do you guys have a TV in the restaurant?
Yes, alcohol is served at the restaurant.
Yes, Hotel Zelos San Francisco provides room service.
Noise level is average at Cinderella Bakery & Cafe.
Shiraz Restaurant does not offer outdoor seating.
Are there high chairs at Kaiju Eats Ramen and Izakaya?
Does the Orchard Garden Hotel offer room service?
Can I watch television at Cordon Bleu?
Pipasha Restaurant is vegetarian friendly.
Rooster & Rice has a moderate noise level inside their restaurant.
Pets are not allowed at the Good Hotel
Are there wifi capabilities?
If I wanted to, could I order for delivery?
The staff here speak English and Spanish.
What days and times is the Contemporary Jewish Museum open?
I must use a wheelchair and want to know if you can accommodate me?
Does the Hotel Spero have facilities for disabled guests?
Are children permitted at Lovell Lodge?
Are there TV's at Chubby Noodle?
Free wifi is available
no pets are not allowed
It's located at 490 Sea Cliff Ave, 94121.
What kind of parking lot do you have?
ok alright there's one in bernal heights called the front porch how's that
What is the dress code?
What is the dress code?
What is the dress code?
What is the dress code?
What is the dress code?
Is there internet?
Blue Barn Gourmet does not offer delivery.
Are the rooms at Cova Hotel heated?
The check-in time at Hotel Zephyr San Francisco is 4:00PM.
Arizmendi Bakery has outdoor seating and that area is know for staying busy.
Are concierge services offered?
Unfortunately the Ugly Duckling is not wheelchair accessible.
You can park car at Ferry Building Bike Rentals.
Free WiFi is not offered at Ebisu.
Is breakfast available at Allenbell?
Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop offers free off-street parking.
is there bike parking?
Yes, it has parking for bikes.
Is Hidden Garden Steps wheelchair accessible?
Yes, parking is available on site, reservation is not needed.
parking is available nearby for a fee of 45 dollars per day
Can I order take out from Tony's?
Alexander's Steakhouse has full bar.
Is there alcohol served at the Bistro At The Cliff House?
How much does it cost for a king suite at The Ritz-Carlton, San Francisco?
There is private parking available at a location nearby Nob Hill Hotel, a reservation is not needed.
Pizza Hut City Centre is not wheelchair accessible.
how about the holiday inn express one
Yes, Sumac offers free wifi at the restaurant.
free wifi is available at SW Hotel
Does Coit Tower offer free WiFi?
Souvla accepts Google Pay as a payment option.
What are the opening hours of Alamo Square?
Do you provide luggage storage?
Do you provide luggage storage?
Does Souvla have TV?
Is this large enough for groups?
Dry cleaning services are not provided at Arbury Lodge Guesthouse.
Ugly Duckling doesn't offer anything that is vegeterian friendly.
Delivery service is offered at Rin's Thai Restaurant.
There are no designated smoking areas at the Alpha-Milton Guest House.
Is there WiFi access at Dumpling Alley?
Does Hinodeya Ramen Bar serve alcohol
Are pets allowed and is there a charge?
Apple Pay is not accepted at this facility.
Does Balompie Cafe have soy free options?
How much does WiFi at Admiral Hotel cost?
The noise level is Loud.
absolutely sir let me see what's available in the nob hill area. i'm finding a couple of locations ummm attraction types i'm finding the cable car california street line and i'm finding a church by the name of grace cathedral
Yes, they provide facilities for the disabled, as well as toilets with grab rails, wheelchair accessible areas.
Accessible parking is not available at AYLESBRAY LODGE GUEST HOUSE.
The front desk doesn't open for 24 hours here.
The entire property is smoke free.
Seven Hills doesn't support Cryptocurrency as payment.
What kind of breakfast does the Bridge Guest House serve?
There is no age restriction to check-in.
You can park your bike at The Presidio
Dry cleaning is available for a fee.
Does the Liholiho Yacht Club accept reservations?
Aylesbray Lodge Guest House does not have any meeting or banquet facilities.
Excellent. When would you like to check in?
oh great ummm could you tell me the phone number and address for the uhhh s museum of modern art
I want to go hiking in Sea Cliff.
Do you have TVs?
Do you have TVs?
Does Deli Board have vegan food?
Are children good at Leopold's?
DragonEats does not have WiFi.
Reservations are accepted at Atelier Crenn.
Is your place spacious enough for large groups?
What's the noise level like at Dumpling Alley?
Guests can check out anytime before 12 noon.
Smokin' Warehouse Barbecue - Sacramento Street is not good for groups.
Bernal Heights Park offers street parking and a private lot.
Does Warakubune Sushi have outdoor seating?
no pets allowed
Is there parking at White Swan Inn?
sure let me check in the fisherman's wharf area i actually don't see a spot that serves chinese food
Does Cote allow BYOB?
Do you have drive thru?
Greek and English are spoken at Kirkwood House.
I'm sorry. I have no access to the address of Clarion Alley. Any other questions?
What are the payment options for this location?
What type of breakfast is offered at Hamilton Lodge?
Is there a lift there?
Can you tell me if 7D Experience is safe for pregnant women?
Is Hops & Hominy good for groups?
Hi, do you guys do delivery orders?
WiFi is free of charge for guests at Travelodge by Wyndham Presidio San Francisco.
Alcohol isn't served at Piccolo Forno.
The Alexander Bed and Breakfast does not provide any concierge service.
Is there a kitchen or lounge area available for guests to use?
Which payment options do you accept?
Does Restaurant One Seven have options for vegetarians?
Does the Exploratorium offer a military discount?
Check-out time is until 12:00 pm at Coventry Inn.
Bike parking is available at  Balompie Cafe.
Are dogs allowed at Farmhouse Kitchen Thai Cuisine?
Does Bernal Heights Park offer parking?
Wifi is available for free at the Inn San Francisco.
their phone number is listed as four one five four four one three thousand
Does SAJJ Mediterranean have vegan choices?
Do you know if they have live music there?
Kymmoy does take reservations.
11:00 A.M. is the latest you can check out.
How early can I check in?
How early can I check in?
Do you do BYOB?
Hi, Can you please help me find a nice place to go in Sea Cliff?
Noise level is average.
Noise level is average.
Noise level is average.
Noise level is average.
Noise level is average.
Noise level is average.
Noise level is average.
What forms of payment do you guys take?
What forms of payment do you guys take?
Are there vegan friendly options at Piccino?
Are children allowed to stay at your hotel?
Is free WiFi available?
Is free WiFi available?
Is free WiFi available?
Is free WiFi available?
Is free WiFi available?
Hinodeya Ramen Bar allows dogs.
Dumpling Kitchen does not have free WiFi.
Bistro At The Cliff House accepts credit cards.
Is Google Pay an accepted payment method?
I have a small dog and want to know if pets are allowed?
Does Chubby Noodle have vegan options?
Which payment methods do you accept?
Which payment methods do you accept?
Yes, at the front desk baggage storage is available.
Does Helmand Palace offer free wifi?
The Ramp offers delivery service.
Are groups good at Sutro's at The Cliff House?
Yes, Asian Box has delivery.
Are there any options for a lift?
Panahar does not offer alcoholic beverages.
The noise level is loud at Lao Table.
Is parking available at the Pakwan Resturant?
Dogs are not allowed at Foreign Cinema.
There is Cartoon Art Museum in Russian Hill. Is that something you would like?
No, Super Pan does not have free WiFi.
It does not offer outdoor seating.
It does not offer outdoor seating.
Check-out time at the Arbury Lodge Guesthouse is between 8 am and 10 am.
The Rice Boat restaurant is not wheelchair accessible.
Does Good Luck Dim Sum accept credit cards?
It it is a downtown at home family atmosphere.
Kung Food does not offer free WiFi.
Do you offer any fitness gear at your location?
What is the zip code at Filbert Steps?
I found Chancellor Hotel on Union Square, is 3 star and is close to the museum.
Do hou have meeting rooms?
The check-out time at The Monarch Hotel is 11:00AM.
Admission to Balmy Street Murals is free.
The website lists a 24-hour front desk and in common areas.
The check-out time at the Hotel Griffon  is at 11:00am.
The Ramp has average noise level.
Does The Halal Guys take reservations?
Street parking and a private parking lot are both available at Baker Beach.
unfortunately in the hayes area i'm not finding any five star uhhh hotels is there somewhere else i could check for you
Yes, Tuba Authentic Turkish Restaurant is kid-friendly.
You can visit the Golden Gate Bridge welcome center, Torpedo Wharf, the Walt Disney Family Museum, among others. Do any of those interest you?
Checkin is from 3pm to 12am.
I'm interested in seeing the visitor center that is in North Beach/Telegraph Hill,
Yes, there are gluten free options available.
Cote Brasserie is wheelchair accessible.
Yes, Tartine Bakery & Cafe has TV.
New Eritrea Restaurant & Bar offers take-out ordering at no additional fee.
Is delivery possible at The Fly Trap?
Brenda's French Soul Food offers street parking.
Do you have special rooms for people with disabilities?
is the are the rooms heated
Spanish
Does Autumn House have shuttle service?
Check-in time begins from 4:00 pm at San Francisco Marriott Union Square.
Is it possible to get to-go food at Rintaro?
Can I pay with Cryptcurrency at Newkirk's?
Yes, the Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Union Square does have a fitness center.
Thai House Express offers delivery service.
Does Stem Kitchen & Garden allow dogs?
Franciscan Crab Restaurant has free WiFi available.
No, WiFi at Hayes Valley Inn is available in all areas and it is free of charge.
The Pampanguena Cuisine does not have outdoor seating.
What type of credit cards do you take at your location?
How is the ambience of Birdsong?
Do you offer delviery service?
Is Newkirk's wheelchair accessible?
Liholiho Yacht Club is good for groups.
Do you offer a safe storage option in the rooms?
Does your hotel provide dry cleaning?
No, Thai Time Restaurant does not have TV.
Does this hotel have guest elevators?
Concierge service is available.
Concierge service is available.
Concierge service is available.
Could you let me know what the rental costs at Ferry Building Bike Rentals?
Is Kaiju Eats Ramen and Izakaya good for groups?
The noise level at Jin Mi Korean Cuisine is average.
BYOB is not possible at Prezzo.
The American Grilled Cheese Kitchen has high chairs available for babies.
Does Bursa have room for larger groups?
Yes, they do provide baggage storage.
Zen Yai Thai Restaurant accepts credit cards.
Yes, Clipper Ship Bar is onsite at this hotel.
Parking options at the San Francisco Zoo include a private lot, street parking and valet.
BYOB is not available at The Nirala.
sure let me check that for you. ok so the database doesn't specify whether they have an age restriction or not ummm is that something that you need
What is the noise level at My Tofu House?
If I need something, is there always someone at the front desk?
When does Pier 39 open and when does it close?
Aha Fresh is good for kids.
Check-in time at Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is 14:00.
Yes you can park your bike at Pica Pica Arepa Kitchen.
Sure, there are plenty of options. Did you have a price range in mind?
Are extra beds available to the guest?
No, there is no WiFi available here.
Yes, anyone who stays there can gain access to a shared kitchen.
There is street parking available at Fayala.
Is there a minimum age to check-in?
What is the minimum age for check-in at SW Hotel?
Gozu has free Wifi services available.
Yes, Daily Housekeeping Available.
Does the DA VINCI PIZZERIA have BYOB?
Yes, Blue Barn Gourmet offers take-out ordering.
Hey, do you guys have wheelchair access?
Do you guys offer beer or wine?
Do you guys offer beer or wine?
Do you guys offer beer or wine?
definitely their phone number is four one five seven six nine fifty seven thirty seven
Takeout ordering is not offered at Midsummer House Restaurant.
Can my dog stay with me?
Can my dog stay with me?
The Monk's Kettle has loud noise level.
Does Arizmendi Bakery offer live music?
Does The Progress offer take-out ordering?
Is smoking allowed at The Lensfield Hotel?
Hey, can you tell me if you guys accept take-out orders?
There is no bike parking available at Cable Car - Powell/Hyde Line.
There is one such attraction in Russian hill, The Cartoon Art Museum, which features cartoons and comics.
What languages are spoken at the Bay Bridge?
Does Pacific Cafe offer free WiFi service?
The restaurant offers gluten free options.
Is Cryptocurrency accepted there?
Rajmahal only takes major credit cards.
What time does the front desk close?
That sounds great, can I get their address?
Should I make a reservation for a parking spot?
Does the Turner's Kitchen offer Bike Parking?
Is there any museum also in that area?
I want to eat out in Fisherman's Wharf
What is the check-in time at Hyatt Centric Fisherman's Wharf San Francisco?
What about Painted Ladies? It's just a few block away from NoPa.
They do not accept Apple Pay at Waterfront Restaurant.
Yes,Free WiFi is available at The Monarch Hotel.
There is both a restaurant and a bar onsite at W San Francisco.
Can you help me find a moderate 2 star bed and breakfast? If not, a hotel is ok too.
Civic Center Motor Inn has rooms that are air-conditioned
Are there any parks in the area?
Is there a church in the Fillmore?
Shuttle services are offered, however, there may be an extra charge.
Does Atelier Crenn have TVs?
Are there any spa?
Are there any spa?
Are there any spa?
Are there any spa?
Are there any spa?
Are there any spa?
Are there any spa?
Do you have any vegan options on the menu?
What is the address of that location?
What is the opening hours of Ocean Beach?
What is the ambience at Han II Kwan?
Super Pan is good for kids.
Is there a parking garage near by?
Is there free WiFi available at Exploratorium After Dark?
Are laundry services offered?
Meghna will take American Express, Mastercard, or Visa.
You are able to cancel for free up to 24 hours in advance, we will charge 10 GBP after the cancellation time frame.
There is no room for extra beds at Worth House.
Does this restaurant offer delivery service?
Dragon Beaux does not offer bicycle parking.
There is both an onsite restaurant and bar at Four Seasons Hotel San Francisco.
Yes, and can you also tell me the zip code and phone number?
No, Bistro At the Cliff House does not offer take-out ordering.
Is breakfast free at the site?
Underdogs Too does offer delivery service.
What credit cards can I use at The Cheesecake Factory?
Hello.  Can I use my VISA card with my order?
Luggage storage is available at the Nob Hill Hotel.
Garage and street parking are available at Aquarium Of The Bay.
What is the noise level at Presidio Kebab?
I want to see some local flavor in Inner Sunset
There is a restaurant and bar onsite at San Francisco Marriott Union Square.
The noise level is average at Tasty Pot. You can expect to be seated quickly and eat in a trendy and classy atmosphere.
I have found 11 Chinatown restaurants for you. What type of cuisine would you like?
Does Bistro At The Cliff House offer delivery service?
Home From Home does not offer concierge service.
Is Hotel Kabuki wheelchair accessible?
Does Avalon provide dry cleaning service?
Daily housekeeping is provided at Hotel Nikko San Francisco.
Does the Phoenix Hotel provide concierge service?
yeah let me see what i can find ok so there's one option called boba guys
The dress code at Exploratorium is casual.
The following payment methods are accepted by this hotel: American Express, Visa, and MasterCard.
Yes, I need to book a couple of rooms for 6 nights from Friday in North Beach. I need a cheap, 1 star hotel.
Do you need an appointment to visit?
You have to call and ask.
There is a buffet breakfast at Noe's Nest Bed and Breakfast.
Do you charge for internet?
Saru Sushi Bar doesn't offer live music.
There are gluten free options at this restaurant.
There are gluten free options at this restaurant.
Does Burmese Kitchen accept Apple Pay?
uhhh and i also need to find help with finding a hotel in the same area that's in the cheaper price range
Where can I park at Tanguito?
Is there a smoking section at The Alembic?
Papito Hayes is good for groups.
Perilla does offer free WiFi.
Old Jerusalem Restaurant is good for groups.
Concierge services are not available at AUTUMN HOUSE.
The payment options available are major credit cards.
You can check-out until 11:00 AM.
Is there an onsite swimming pool at Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge?
How is the noise level at the Bay Subs & Deli?
Grubbin' doesn't offer reservation service.
Yes Craftsman and Wolves accept Apple Pay.
Do you offer dry cleaning services ?
Cathedral of Saint Mary of the Assumption is open from Monday to Friday from 9:30 am to 4:00 pm. On Saturday it is open from 11:00 am to 5:30 pm and on Sunday it is open from 9:00 am to 3:30 pm.
Check-in starts at 2:00 PM at Days Inn by Wyndham San Francisco Downtown/Civic Cntr Area.
Is Lombard Street kid-friendly?
What parking does  Ina Coolbrith Park have?
Can you tell me about the noise level at this restaurant?
No, there are not any meeting or banquet facilities.
Free WiFi is available throughout Noe's Nest Bed and Breakfast.
What is the noise level at Pizzeria Delfina - Pacific Heights?
Can I park my bike at Balompie Cafe?
Yes, this hotel has a fitness center.
What's the noise level at La Taqueria?
The Saigon Sandwich accepts credit cards as pay.
I want to know if the rooms are heated?
The check-in time is 3:00pm at the Americania Hotel.
Roam Artisan Burgers ambience is casual and classy.
The Balompie Cafe is kid friendly.
Yes, the phone number is (415) 357-4000 and the zip code is 94103. Can I help you with anything else?
Does the restaurant accept credit cards?
Does the restaurant accept credit cards?
Does the restaurant accept credit cards?
Pier 7 has bike parking.
The Varsity Restaurant does not offer halal menu options.
One of the cheapest locations in this area is the 1 star Amsterdam Hostel.
Am I able to smoke at the hotel?
Pets are not allowed inside the hotel. Guests are allowed, however, to stay with their dogs inside the hotel. A non-refundable pet cleaning fee with be charged. The room must be deep cleaned after a pet departs.
Does Beit Rima offer free WiFi?
Does What The Cluck offer alcohol?
What is the check out time at this location?
What is the check out time at this location?
The Axiom Hotel is a four-star hotel that's cheaply priced. Or I could look for something else in the cheap or moderate price range.
Sala Thong has free parking available.
Does The Pawn Shop have vegan options?
Does  The Cheesecake Factory accept Apple Pay?
The ambience is casual, classy.
The ambience is casual, classy.
The ambience is casual, classy.
The ambience is casual, classy.
The ambience is casual, classy.
The ambience is casual, classy.
The ambience is casual, classy.
The ambience is casual, classy.
Yes, concierge services area available to guests.
Pets are not allowed at the Kirkwood House.
The Flying Falafel is not good for groups.
Yes. The Melt - 455 Market offers take-out ordering.
Yes, Cuisine of Nepal is good for groups.
Yes, State Bird Provisions has bike parking.
Is outdoor seating available at your location?
Is Mars Bar & Restaurant good for group?
What time do I have to check out by?
What time do I have to check out by?
What is the address of Cupid's Span?
I would prefer a motel.
Do you have a spa onsite?
What is the dress code of Pizzeria Delfina - Pacific Heights?
Noise level is average at Nojo Ramen Tavern.
What price range?
The WiFi is free here.
Do you have banquest facilities?
What type of breakfast is served at your location?
Zen Yai Thai Restaurant offer vegeterian friendly options.
Pets are not allowed at this establishment.
Do you accept Visa?
Pho Huynh Hiep 2 - Kevin's Noodle House does not offer fee WiFi.
Yes, reservations are accepted at Royal Standard.
No, Warakubune Sushi doesn't allow dogs.
Do you have a minimum age for check-in?
The Golden Curry does not offer live music.
The HI San Francisco City Center Hostel includes facilities for disabled guests.
Yes, the rooms are heated.
Yes, the rooms are heated.
Yes, the rooms are heated.
Yes, the rooms are heated.
Yes, the rooms are heated.
Yes, the rooms are heated.
Check-in time is 3:30 p.m.
The Taqueria Los Coyotes restaurant is purported to be good for kids.
A Sandwich sounds good.
yeah i'd be happy to help you with that i see two locations for beaches in the presidio there is one called baker beach and one called crissy field
What is the ambience at Kim Son Vietnamese Restaurant?
No, delivery service is not offered by this restaurant.
ok. sure that zip code is nine four one three three
Ly's Vietnamese Cuisine doesn't allow appointments.
What cards are accepted at the Motor Inn?
There is no dress code at Nopa. Casual attire is acceptable.
Yes. You can park  bike at Perilla.
Facilities with disability access are available at The Ritz-Carlton, San Francisco.
Yes, tolls are collected in the southbound direction into San Francisco only.
Bistro At The Cliff House is good for children.
Is smoking allowed at the train stations?
Sitar Tandoori offers delivery.
Does the The Bird offer happy hour ?
Are the hotel rooms Air conditioned ?
Lucky Pig accepting Google Pay.
Can I make an order to go?
Check-in time at Hotel Vitale, a Joie de Vivre Hotel is 3:00 p.m.
This is a cheap hotel. Would you like to book a room there?
I would something in a moderate price range.
Yes, Union Square Plaza Hotel provides a shuttle service.
Mensho Tokyo has high chairs available.
The ambience of El Farolito is divey and classy.
Is there wheelchair accessible parking at Home From Home?
What is the cost of WiFi at your location?
No, The Lensfield Hotel doesn't have any safety deposit boxes.
Yes. The Snug offers delivery service.
The noise level at Kasa Indian Eatery is average.
Thanks, is it wheelchair accessible?
sure here it is three stars and the zip code is nine four one zero nine
Hops & Hominy doesn't accept Google pay, but it accepts credit card.
I'm afraid there aren't any zoos in the Alamo Square area.
Parking is a available at the Ritz-Carlton for a daily fee.
Yes, The Flying Falafel is wheelchair accessible.
Are there any vegan options at Kokkari Estiatorio?
Nothing! It is completely free.
Is Cool Cravings a good spot to take a group?
This hotel does provide baggage storage.
Does this site have restaurant service at site?
Saucy Asian does not accept cryptocurrency.
Yes, it has outdoor seating.
Does the A Mano take reservations?.
Are there safety boxes in the rooms?
Is alcohol served at your establishment?
Do you have rooms with disability access and facilities?
How much is the admission fee for the Cable Car?
Does Takara Sushi offer take-out ordering?
Concierge service is provided at Lombard Plaza Motel.
Check-in time is 3:00pm
Is Taj Tandoori wheelchair accessible?
Do you know when the check-in time of that hotel is?
Are there any museums in the area?
sure let me go ahead and see what's there all right there are quite a few options but one of them that people do tend to enjoy is called kitava
The Hyatt Centric Fisherman's Wharf San Francisco provides the option of storing luggage.
The check-in time at the InterContinental San Francisco is 3:00pm and after.
What credit card payment methods are accepted at this hotel?
Does Tony's Pizza Napoletana accept Google Pay?
Does Turner's Kitchen offer take-out ordering?
For the bridge, it's 94607 and for the city hall, it's 94102. Anything else I can help you with?
Are there gluten free options on the menu at Don Pasquale Pizzeria?
Is dry cleaning available at this location?
Outdoor seating is available at Roma Antica.
No, Outerlands doesn't offer free WiFi.
A continental breakfast is offered.
Outdoor seating is not available at Frankie and Bennys.
Yes, Fog Harbor Fish House does take reservations.
No, Delicious Dim Sum does not have TV.
BYOB is not allowed at YU GARDEN.
and could you give me their phone number
Wi-fi is free of charge.
Midsummer House Restaurant does not offer outdoor seating.
