are there any museums around lake Merritt
Yes, their number is (415) 397-3510. Would you like to book a room?
The zip code for that hotel is 94103 and their phone number is (415) 633-3000. Can I help you find anything else?
certainly. so what i'm finding in the expensive price range is a place by the name of sons and daughters
I have found four possible hotels for you. Would like to stay at the Chelsea Inn on Lombard Street?
Can you tell me the opening hours of Dragon Gate?
ok ummm that sounds good and can you tell me the zip code of the hotel and address
I want to see a landmark in Presidio.
Admission is free for everyone. Is there anything else I can do for you?
could i know the of uh a bed and breakfast that is near the fisherman's wharf and it's moderately priced
Hmm, can you give me the phone number and zip code for those? 
The phone number for Baker Beach is (415) 561-4323.
It is located next to the Golden Gate Bridge.
Can I bring my bike there?
Is the Hotel Kabuki wheelchair accessible?
Thanks. Can you tell me if there's a trail at Baker Beach?
can you uhhh i know this might be silly can you check to see if they allow dogs
What kind of parking is there at McKinley Square Park?
Well there are several. Try the four seasons or the Taj Campton place.
sure let me check on that it looks like. they are not by appointment only so you are good to visit
Are there any other types of museums in that area that are open for visitors?
Will you please give me the address too?
How does Subpar Miniature Golf sound to you?
so i'm not showing it has listed but judging by the pictures it does appear to be wheelchair accessible and this is the only one in that area
Find me an expensive 4-star hotel in Union Square.
ok hi ummm i was planning a trip to san francisco i wanted to request a place to go in nob hill that's a church ummm so uhhh can you look for that
do any of them have actually a front desk that's open twenty four hours
OK, how much is admission to Madame Tussauds in San Francisco?
ok i'd also like to get something to eat in the same area and i'm thinking thai food
Sure. It is located at 145 Jefferson St. Is there anything else I can help you with?
all right thank you and then uhhh in the same area too i'm looking for a restaurant that's like in the moderate price range hopefully it's like four stars
and do we need to reserve uhhh like do we need a reservation for parking
do they have any age restriction to stay or check-in?
The hotel is in the expensive price range. The address is 2655 Hyde Street, telephone number is (415) 771-0200, and 94109 is the ZIP code. Let me know when you'd like me to book your room please.
Cheap and a 2 star rating.
You can find cable cars at Cable Car - Powell/Hyde Line. Would you like to learn more?
The address is 1 Zoo Rd and the postcode is 94132
Yes, what is the phone number for the park?
No, I'm looking for an attraction, specifically local flavor.
You can choose from Sam Wo Restaurant, Good Mong Kok Bakery, Delicious Dim Sum, and others. Can I give you more information?
Taj Compton Place is an expensive hotel.
uhhh i'm a burger lover so that works well for me uhhh can i get the phone number and address for that location
I'd like something in the moderate price range?
I just need the zip code.
I need a hotel in Union Square.
ok could you tell me the address and uhhh the zip code
Does Adelaide Hostel in Union Square offer daily housekeeping?
I would be happy to do that for you. Are you dining alone or with others?
Can you provide me with the Legion of Honor's phone number and address please?
May I suggest the Travelodge by Wyndham by Fisherman's Wharf?
can you tell me about any tea rooms in Union square
I found Burmese Kitchen in Inner Richmond. Would you like more details?
Great. Is there parking near the Camera Obscura?
Can you tell me if they allow smoking in the hotel?
for 2 nights, also do you know if they allow smoking?
ok sure let me see what i can find for you. ok i'm able to pull up one location it's called the smokin warehouse barbecue on sacramento street
Excellent. When would you like to check in?
In that case, any with 4 stars?
Is there parking available at Fort Point?
Hello, can you find me a cheap, 4 star hotel in Union Square please?
The most popular one is the Golden Gate Bridge.
Just an Inn, if possible.
yes, it should have a 3 star rating
Do you prefer Cantonese or Chinese food?
sure. absolutely i'm finding one place and it's called grace cathedral
Do they offer wifi?
Can you find me an expensive restaurant in NoPa with live or raw food instead?
Could I have their address please?
I would like to go to a hotel in the Presidio district.
Can you tell me whether I can park my car at Wave Organ?
Hi. I'm trying to find a moderately priced hotel in Japantown.
I want to see a landmark in Alamo Square
I need lodging and dining in SoMa, San Francisco,. Also, any recommendations for a museum.
sure i'm finding one landmark actually not a list and it is called actually there's no lo name for this location it's in located it's located in japandown japantown though
The address is 1625 Post Street.
uhhh can you check if they uhhh need a reservation to park to park there
Ina Coolbrith Park is located between Taylor & Vallejo Streets.
Hi there, I am looking for a play to go in Russian Hill.
Are there any art museums or art galleries in the area?
Yes, you can check out Tom and Jerry's House.
What type of cuisine are you looking for?
Of course. There are many options in Union Square. Is there a price range or star rating you'd like me to search for?
Petite Auberge	is a moderate 3 star bed and breakfast. Will this work?
Yes, Tanguito serves sandwiches.
Sure, no problem. The zip code for Blue Barn Gourmet is 94109 and Sumac is 94133.
There are two good places to hike. Do you have a preference of the area?
oh thank you so much uhhh and i was also looking for a place to dine around the same area uhhh if uhhh if if that would provide seafood that would be amazing and maybe in moderate price range
Yes, can you find me a restaurant that serves Kebab food?
Can you tell me if there's parking at Mount Davidson Park?
The zip code is 94102. Is there anything else I can help you with?
ok great ummm while i'm in hayes valley in the same area do you know of any ummm five star hotels expensive
Can you tell me if they have guest parking?
The address is 680 Point Lobos and the phone number is (415) 426-5240.
Not right now, but could you tell me whether Cathedral of Saint Mary of the Assumption has any parking facilities for visitors?
i can certainly check to see what's available in that area so unfortunately i'm not finding anything in the cheap price range
How much does it cost to get into Madame Tussauds?
I need to book an expensive hotel in Chinatown.
I would recommend Alexander's Steakhouse, they serve American food. Would you like more information?
Madame Tussauds San Francisco is also at that area.
I would like two rooms from Wednesday for 4 nights.
ok let me go ahead and search that for you. all right unfortunately nothing is showing up in that area is there a different area i can find instead
Would you like more information about either the de Young or the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art?
They do not offer onsite parking. Do you need anymore information?
Sure. Can I get the name and address of the place in Fillmore?
Yes, I have found Aquarium Of The Bay for you in that area. Would you like the address?
oh and one more thing uhhh is there bike lockers or a bike rack where i can park my bike
Can you give me their address?
great thank you so much and ummm while i've got you on the phone ummm also looking for a place to stay in the same area uhhh a hotel ummm around four four star hotel do you have anything
Andrews Hotel has a 3 star rating. Would you like to book a room?
ok and what's the price range
Yes, but first, would you tell me what time the Aquarium of the Bay opens?
I'd like to take in a museum in Presidio for an upcoming trip and need help choosing one.
I found 4 restaurants in the area serving Chinese food. Do you have a price range preference?
Kimpton Sir Francis Drake Hotel is an expensive 4 star hotel in the area. Would you like me to check for your availability?
so unfortunately i'm not able to find one that's in for that price range
Does anyone in the hotel speak French?
hey i'm planning a trip to san francisco i need some help uhhh can you recommend a place in the embarcadero area that has like a local vibe it's a hip hang out spot for locals
The address is 151 3rd Street.
And the address, please.
ok no worries ummm can i book two rooms there starting tuesday for four nights
What type of art?
you know i'm not finding that either place is wheelchair access accessible
I want to see the cable car in Union Square
What is their zip code and phone number?
There is the Cable Car Museum located at 1201 Mason St. Anything else I can help you with?
ok uhhh is it a smoking non smoking type of establishment
pacific heights
There is the San Francisco Botanical Garden. Would you like to know its location and hours?
The Andrews Hotel has 3 stars and is moderately priced. How does this sound?
I want something in a moderate range.
Yes is there a moderately priced hotel in that same area?
Yes, that would work. Can you tell me their address?
That sounds great! What is the length of the trail at Lands End Lookout?
sure the phone number is four one five four one two zero three eight two and their zip code is nine four one three three
No. Just find any park there for me.
I am looking for a cheap hotel with a 3 star rating.
Does the Four Seasons Hotel San Francisco offer room service so we can dine in our room?
Are there any museums in that same area?
Do you have any price range in mind?
What about The Fairmont Heritage Place Ghirardelli Square? It's an expensive 5 star hotel in Fisherman's Wharf.
Perfect. What is the address?
There are no art museums in the Mission area. Do you want to try another area?
Could I know the opening hours of San Francisco City Hall?
ok uhhh can i get the phone number and zip code please
I want to see a landmark in Chinatown
No, can you check and see if there is anything at all to do with art there though?
Taboun's phone number is (415) 566-9696.
Baker Beach offers a 1.5 miles of trails. Would you like more information about Baker Beach or is there something else I can help you with?
uhhh what's the what what's the address on that
yeah let me see sure ok it says no reservation is needed for parking here
I don't really have a preference, but I want their phone number, address, and zip code whenever you're able to make a recommendation.
The Park Tavern and The House are very nice restaurants in North Beach. Would you like to hear more about them?
Do they have a restaurant onsite?
Would I be able to get an extra bed for my child at FOUND?
Sorry, I don't have any art attractions in Mission Terrace. I do have Balmy Street Murals, however, which is in Mission. Is that of interest to you?
Sorry, but bike parking is not permitted at the Legion of Honor. Would you like for me to find other information?
Yes, I need the address and phone number for Sutro Baths. Thanks!
All right, how about Lands End Lookout in Sea Cliff?
Great, and can you also find me the zip code please?
ok ummm do they have an elevator there for guests
a park i am showing yes there's the hyde street pier park
How many people and what name should I reserve that for?
The Axiom Hotel has a 4 star rating or Andrews Hotel touts 3 stars. Can I book a room at either place for you?
I would recommend the Royal Pacific Motor Inn, would you like to book a room?
Unfortuantely there are no restaurants serving Egyptian food in this area. Would you like to search in a different area for Egyptian food?
I'd prefer a landmark or visitors center.
Hi, what are some places to go in the Civic Center?
What about Hyde Street Pier?
What is the phone number for Madame Tussauds?
I prefer modern art.
It is a cheap hotel. Will that work?
uhhh can can you repeat that i just i need to get something to write
sure so let me see what's available in pacific heights i'm not showing any cooking classes unfortunately
great ummm do you know if they take reservations in advance
you know i'm not finding anything about parking available here
The zip code is 94111.
Sure, where are the ones close by?
yeah i've found one it's called laurel inn a joie de vivre hotel
sure what i'm finding is five different locations with those specifications i recommend you checking out the grant hotel in union square
hi i'm planning a trip to san francisco uhhh could you please look for a restaurant called new fortune restaurant
The zip code is 94133.
Will you tell me their address?
Do I need to pay any fee for visiting the place?
Sorry, but I need a Bike Rental and it can be anywhere in the City.
What price range are they in?
Can I also get the ZIP Code?
sure the zip code is nine four one zero two
hey so i'm heading down to san francisco later this week and i'm hoping to check out some places to visit ummm can you send me or share some recommendations for like an art museum
ok one last question what's the zip code
of course they're located on the corner of the embarcadero and beach street their zip code is nine four one three three and their phone number is four one five seven zero five fifty five zero zero
I need to get the parking details for Dolores Park.
What about a landmark in Chinatown?
Yes, I would like to visit a landmark attraction in the Marina/Cow Hollow area. Can you help me find one please?
yeah definitely their phone number is four one five eight three one twenty seven hundred
ok it's a hotel ummm and then did you i don't know if you mentioned but did you share the zip code in fact can you send that zip code over to me just so i can check it out on a map
Yes, here is the telephone number: (415) 835-0019. What else may I help you with?
Wave Organ is a popular landmark. Would you like more information?
that's a great question sir i'm unable to determine that information from my end
yeah looks like a great place for kids as it's outdoors
ok sure let me see what i can find for you. all right i'm able to pull up two options one is the courtyard by marriott san francisco downtown van ness avenue and the second is cova hotel i would recommend the first one
ok so there are two options showing up one is new fortune restaurant and the second is sam wo restaurant
Sure thing. There's Hinodeya Ramen Bar, a moderately priced restaurant at 1737 Buchanan St. Would you like to know more?
Can you find me just anyplace in the city that has some local flavor to it?
I would like to know if the museum is a good place to take kids, and please tell me the address.
What's the star rating?
of course address is four six five grove street zip code nine four one zero two and phone number four one five eight six four four zero four zero
Can you get me the address of the Dolores Park?
Yes, could you let me know whether it'll be possible to park my car at Dragon Gate?
ummm uhhh what about any museum
There are several options. Would you like one in the moderate or expensive range?
Oh, could I get the information about whether they have any parking option onsite?
That sounds good. Can you let me know when the Cartoon Art Museum's business hours are?
Chinese would be great.
oh great could i get the zip code please
There is Cartoon Art Museum in Russian Hill. Is that something you would like?
Excellent, could you also tell me whether Dragon Gate is accessible for folks in wheelchairs?
That sounds good, but what is the parking situation at the Palace of Fine Arts?
Price doesn't really matter.
great uhhh so the first is i wanna go to an expensive pizza place in hayes valley do you have any
ok that sounds good uhhh can you give me the zip code and phone number for that please
Yes, i will need the phone number and zip code of Baker Beach.
where is the visitor center for San Francisco
94109 is the zip code.
There is Cartoon Art Museum in Russian Hill. Is that something you would be interested in?
awesome inn san francisco and uhhh is the wi-fi free there
yeah definitely it's two stars
ok great thanks for the information uhhh i'm also looking for place to stay do you know if there's bed and breakfast in the same area in the moderate price range
Hello. Can you help me find a moderately priced hotel in Union Square?
ooo ummm maybe the glass elevator ummm what what type what type of attraction is that what is that
yes it is
What's the admission fee going to cost me at Oakland Museum of California?
oh i've heard a lot about alcatraz thank you that sounds great can i bring my dog to alcatraz
Is there any shuttle service available from Twin Peaks to the hotel?
Get me a hotel in Union Square.
Yes, can I get the phone number and address?
I believe that Ungrafted would be your best choice. Would you like their contact information?
Sure this is the number for Pier Market Seafood Restaurant (415) 989-7437
Can you tell me the zip code and the phone number of the Boudin Bakery and Cafe?
I'm not seeing anything meeting your criteria. Do you want to try a different star rating?
ok let me search that all right so it's not specifying anywhere if they do or if they don't accept google pay here
The Bistro At The Cliff House is a nice choice.
Can you get me their phone number and zip code?
Yes, 3 stars is what I'm looking for.
Oh, yes, I've seen pictures. Is it wheelchair accessible?
Ok, do you have the address?
Excellent, do you know if I can park my bike at Pier 39?
Hotels in this area range in star rating from 3 to 5. I can recommend the Courtyard by Marriott Fishermans Wharf if you want more info on this hotel.
uhhh yeah what about other good places in in the city
There is no address listed but it is located in the 94129 zip code. The phone number is (415) 561-5300.
Show me somewhere I can stay in north beach with a moderate price range.
you know i'm not showing that here on their website that they do
sure let me look into that for you. i'm not finding a garden in twin peaks area
I found five landmarks in Presidio would you like me to tell you about them?
I prefer a 3 star hotel.
Yes, that's great, thanks! I'm also looking for a tapas restaurant in Embarcadero.
Could you show me the zip code for this attraction?
How about Hunan Home's Restaurant then, it is in the moderate price range.
Can I make a reservation there?
The address for Grant Plaza Hotel is 465 Grant Avenue.
I'm afraid there aren't any zoos in the Alamo Square area.
what about the address and the zip
Yes, there's the Embarcadero Public Promenade. Would you like their contact information?
Do you know if they have live music there?
Can you tell me, do they speak any languages other than English there?
Andrews Hotel in Union Square is moderately priced. Would you like to know more?
Can I get the address, phone number and zip code of the attraction?
Buena Vista Motor Inn is located at 1599 Lombard Street and matches that criteria.
I would like Thai food.
Can I have the addresses for the second one?
sure they are in alamo square at seven hundred steiner street
The San Francisco Museum of Modern Art is very popular, would you like more information about this?
I just need to know Pier 39's opening hours for now.
There is an awesome attraction called The Mrs. Doubtfire House, which is the house from the Robin Williams movie.
What city are you located?
ok great thanks uhhh do you know what their wi-fi there costs
I want to dine out in Fisherman's Wharf
You can rent bikes in this area at the Ferry Building Bike Rentals. Would you like to know more?
I would consider that a visitor center, not a Local Flavor destination.
The address is 1 Ferry Building.
The Axiom Hotel is good. The location is 28 Cyril Magnin Street, 94102.
Yes, could you let me know what my options for parking would be at Clarion Alley?
Yes. What type of place would you like to know about?
Hi, Can you please help me find a place to eat in the North Beach area?
Cupid's Span is an outdoor sculpture that you may enjoy. Do you have any other questions?
Sorry, there are no aquariums in this area. Would you like to try a different attraction or area?
is there a park in that neighborhood
is a 3-star hotel okay
that could be uhhh kind of interesting ummm would you mind sending me the address of that uhhh landmark
nice yeah that sounds great ummm do you have any idea or could you check for me if there's uhhh free wi-fi available there
I have no listings for landmarks in Russian Hill. Would you be interested in other attractions at that location?
I need a cheap motel in Union Square
Is Hotel Kabuki wheelchair accessible?
Yes, there are four of them in that location. I recommend Ripley's Believe It or Not! or Madame Tussauds San Francisco.
 ok can you confirm what forms of payment they accept please
of course they are located at fifty five music concourse drive
perfect do you have the phone number there
yeah uhhh can you give me the zip code the zip
Yes, is there bike parking available at or near Hyde Street Beach?
Yes, the parking situation. Can you get me the details on that at Dolores Park?
Yes, I would like a fine dining restaurant anywhere in Union Sqaure.
The Park Tavern serves gastropub fare or The House offers Asian Fusion cuisines. Do you want to know more about one of those?
ok great uhhh one last thing is uhhh is this restaurant wheelchair accessible
It is located at 151 3rd St, 94103. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes how about 3 star then?
I have two amusement attractions at Fishermans Wharf, 7D Experience at Pier 39, and The Flyer - San Francisco at 2 Beach St.
Will I be able to at least park at Clarion Alley, or do you know?
I'm interested in a restaurant in Chinatown that has Moroccan food.
perfect thanks ummm and do you know if that's a good place to bring kids do they have like a play set
that's fine thank you and can you get me the price range
Are there any expensive restaurants in that area?
I have found several options for you. Would you prefer a restaurant in the moderate or expensive price range?
Great, can you tell me what the zip code and address are?
Hey, Can you please help find a great place to stay in SoMa?
Sure, how does Pier 39 sound to you?
yeah definitely it's four one five nine four seven seventy one sixty three
What time does Cable Car - Powell/Hyde Line open and close each day?
I have found a 3 star hotel by the name of Kimpton Buchanan Hotel. Would you like to book a room here?
There are no temples located in the Fillmore area I am afraid.
The Chelsea Inn might be a good choice for you. Would you like more information on it?
Do you have a price range or star rating criteria in mind or would you like suggestions?
How about any museums?
It is located at 100 John F Kennedy Drive.
sure i've found the san francisco city hall in that area
I'm looking for an expensive hotel with 2 stars
I want to see some of Embarcadero's landmarks
That works! Can you give me the phone number?
Club Donatello is a place that fits what you are looking for.
Will there be an extra bed available for my child?
zip code is nine four one two three
Alpha Inn and Suites is a cheap 2 star hotel in Marina, would you like to make a reservation?
Could you tell me if Nick's Crispy tacos allows dogs?
I'm trying to find a moderately priced, 2 star hotel in Chinatown.
ok i can probably google it from there uhhh and does it tell you by chance if it's a good place for kids
Yes, I would. I'd like to know whether I can bring my bike at Exploratorium After Dark, please.
ok uhhh can you share the phone number and zip codes for that
Hi. I'd like to find a landmark in the Presidio. Can you recommend one?
I need somewhere to stay in North Beach in San Francisco
ok great i've got that down uhhh in the meanwhile i'm looking for a place to go uhhh particularly i'm looking for a landmark area
Hi! I'm hoping to visit a garden attraction in San Francisco. Can you recommend one?
It should have a moderate price range.
I would like a room in the moderate price range.
I need a public market in Chinatown
awesome and could you also help me find a place to get lunch in that same area ummm we're looking for a restaurant that serves japanese curry and is in the moderate price range
Yes, WiFi is available at Hilton Parc 55. Do you have any other questions I can help you with?
It is not available. Would you like me to search for a different hotel?
great uhhh what is the food type they serve
I would like to know first, if I can get a extra bed in the room?
No, but can you check and see if there is a bike rental establishment around?
let me see here ok nothing shows up with those specifications is there anything i can change to find you something
is there a gym at the hotel
ok ummm yeah that sounds good do they have laundry facilities
sure they're both in the nine four one one one area
torpedo wharf
Is the Hyde Street Beach accessible to people in wheelchairs?
ok uhhh do they accept uhhh master card
May I suggest the Corridor Restaurant for you?
I'm looking for a place I can visit in Russian Hill that offers local flavor.
ok let me go ahead and see if what's listed here all right so there's one place showing up it is called kadampa meditation center san francisco
Hi could you help me find a two star hotel in the Marina area for this Wednesday and a total of 6 nights. I will need a confirmation number and if no room is available see if we can book it for one day pre or post Wednesday.
How long will you be staying and is it for business or leisure?
Thanks. What's the parking situation at Hyde Street Beach?
The Hotel Boheme is located at 444 Columbus Avenue. Can I help you make a reservation?
Is that a moderate priced hotel?
What about a moderate range hotel in Chinatown?
I'm sorry, there are no gardens in Castro. Would you like me to check in a different area?
Makes sense. What's the admission fee?
Can you provide me with a list of restaurants in Fisherman's Wharf that serve sandwiches?
Yes, I have both Clarion Alley and the Mission District. Are you interested in either of those?
oh that sounds fun uhhh what's the address there
yeah no problem so i'm showing a couple i do recommend cupid's span it's a landmark in embarcadero
No you won't be able to get your child extra bedding. Do you have any additional questions?
I have Ina Coolbrith Park for you in Russian Hill.
I would something in a moderate price range.
They are both in the moderate price actually. What else may I help you with?
ok thank you very much hey can uh you recommend a place to stay in union square that's expensive that's a hotel with at least four stars
Bernal Heights Park is located in 2 miles away. Does it sound okay?
Hyde Street Pier is a park in that neighborhood. Would you like more information?
I want to go to a beach in Twin Peaks
No, can you look for an art museum instead?
The Orchard Garden hotel sounds great. What breakfast options are available there?
the uhh now let's talk about food is there somewhere to dine in that area that serves sandwiches and that is a uhhh moderately priced
Two possible choices you have are Boudin Bakery & Cafe or Pier Market Seafood Restaurant. Which are you interested in?
Yes, is there bike parking at Fort Point?
No, they do not have bike parking facilities at Pier 33. Any other queries?
zip code here is nine four one zero two
My recommendation is McKinley Square Park, which is on 20th Street in Potrero Hill. Is that acceptable to you?
ok so i should be able to go in any time what's the address of the restaurant
Hi, would you help find a place to go in the Lake Merritt area?
Sorry, Russian Hill does not have a public market. Do you want to visit another type of attraction, or search for public market in a different area?
Are the rooms at Cable Car Hotel heated?
There is no aquarium at Fisherman's wharf, can I look for something else?
Can you let me know what price range you're interested in?
How about the Royal Pacific Motor Inn in Chinatown? They have a two star rating and are in the moderate price range.
Coil tower opens at 10AM every day. Can I help you with anything else?
Hello. Can you please help me find a Zoo in San Francisco?
Sounds perfect. What's the zip code there?
We have Hyde Street Beach in Fisherman's Wharf.
I'm afraid there are no parks in Embarcadero. Can I look for a different attraction for you, or for a beach at another location?
What's the address?
Yes, and can you tell me what time the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art opens in the morning?
Does Good Mong Kok allow people to bring their dogs?
Yes I would like to try them, but I also would like to know details for parking my bike there please?
That sounds fun. Is there parking available?
How would you like Club Donatello in Union Square?
Sure, how does Dragon Gate sound?
There are 24 hotels with 3 stars in Union Square, what price range would you like?
Traditional would be great.
You can visit the Gregangelo Museum. would you like the phone number?
Before that, can I ask how much it costs for the wifi there?
Is the front desk is open for 24 hours?
Can you give me the phone number and address?
I'm sorry, there are no landmarks in that area. Can I find another attraction for you?
I would like to know the parking details for Exploratorium After Dark.
What is the address for Coit Tower?
I'm looking for a moderately priced one.
The de Young's phone number is (415) 750-3600 and their zip code is 94118. The San Francisco Museum of Modern Art's phone number is (415) 357-4000 and their zip code is 94103.
There are quite a few moderate hotels in Union Square, do you have a star preference?
You can try Alcatraz Island. The phone number is (415) 561-4900.
oh ok that would work do know whether they have a restaurant at the hotel
hi i'd like to go to the civic center area do you know if there are any landmarks there
I have 7 results, 3 of which are in Fisherman's Wharf. Is there a particular area you are interested in?
Okay, can you just give me a different hotel that meets my requirements?
Petite Auberge is a bed and breakfast in Union square, would you like me to book it?
What kind of parking is there at Cable Car - Powell/Mason Line?
Do you know if they offer baggage storage for guests?
ok all right they're actually both nine four one two nine
I want to eat out in Fisherman's Wharf
Can I get the zip code please?
Would you like to try Kimpton Buchanan Hotel in Japantown.
Can you help me find a moderate 2 star bed and breakfast? If not, a hotel is ok too.
How do the Balmy Street Murals sound? Are you interested in art?
Can you tell me what the price range of the hotel is?
I have made the booking for you. The confirmation code is BOLT9L.
oh i'm sorry so this zip code is nine four one zero eight and their phone number is four one five seven seven two five thousand
Yes, do you have a preference on the star rating or price range?
Yes, could you tell me if Hotel Bijou has parking free of charge?
How does Four Seasons Hotel San Francisco sound to you?
Andrews Hotel is moderate in price range.
Unfortunately, there are no landmarks in Mission, but if you're looking for local flavor, I suggest checking out Clarion Alley in Mission. Would you like to hear more about that?
oh thank you so much so uhhh also if i can i was also uhhh looking for a place to stay in the same area and i was looking for something like an inn like regular two star inn and the place should be uhhh cheap may it should not be very expensive to live
oh ok i guess i can just check for myself ummm and uhhh last iS i'm looking also for an expensive place to eat at that's also in the same area
What is the fee for admission at the San Francisco MoMa?
So there is no aquarium? How about a beach in Presidio?
Does the hotel have an onsite fitness center?
Yes, what is their zip code.
Does it accept Discover card?
ok yeah i can book something for you for tomorrow
Yes, I need a 3-star place to stay in Nob Hill, San Francisco. Also looking for an art museum in the area.
yeah here it's listed as a hotel
There are 9 different dining establishments in Union Square. Do you have a preference for the cuisine?
I do not have any results. Would you like to search for a different type of accomodation in that area?
Okay. I have travelodge and the wharf inn. Which one do you prefer?
This is a cheap hotel. Would you like to book a room there?
sure let me see what i can find. all right nothing with those specifications could i put something else in there for you
I want to see some art in San Francisco
Sea Cliff has several different attraction types. What type of activity are you looking for?
ummm can you can you book a room for tomorrow for one night
The address 145 Jefferson St., 94133. Unfortunately I don't have the phone number available. Can I help with anything else?
ok sounds great uhhh do you have a confirmation number for that
What about Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant?
Okay, how about a Local Flavor destination in the same area then?
I want a hotel in Union Square.
sure let me go ahead and see what's there all right there are quite a few options but one of them that people do tend to enjoy is called kitava
sure let me see what i can find for you. all right nothing is showing up with art is there a different thing that you might be interested in
alright and do they deliver
I need a hotel in Chinatown
Yes, I need some help finding a cheap, 1 star hotel in North Beach.
do they deliver food
Hi, I am looking for a nice art attraction in Balboa Terrace.
It is located at Pier 15. Would you like anything else?
hi there i'm going up to san francisco this weekend and i was hoping you could help me out ummm i'm looking to go to a zoo in the city
The zip code is 94108. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The address is 1 Letterman Dr, Bldg D, Ste 150, zip code 92129, and the phone number is (415) 655-9413. Can I assist you further?
Sure, what price range are you looking for?
Unfortunately there are no parks in the Sea Cliff area. Would you like to try another area?
The Chelsea Inn has a moderate price. Would you like me to book that for you?
Grant Plaza Hotel would be perfect for you then.
Yes, try searching the type Hotel and provide me the phone number, address and price range of the hotel.
Cool I'll need their phone number.
hi i'm looking to plan a trip to san francisco uhhh do you know where i could find a nice art museum
I'm looking for a moderately priced 3-star Hotel in that area.
Do you have any preferred hotel brand?
Can I use my wheelchair at Hyde Street Pier?
uhhh would you be able to check if it's soy free uhhh if it has soy free options on the menu
Hi. Can you tell me if there are any parks in Fisherman's Wharf?
The zip code is 94109.
The Rotunda does not serve cafe food. Can I help you with anything else?
Does it have any rooms with disabled guests?
I don't have it, but I do have a phone number if (415) 447-5000.
sure looking in s. f. there are quite a bit of landmarks but one i really recommend is alcatraz island
How about the Presidio Parkway Inn. How many nights will you need?
Sorry, it is not available with that criteria.
Can you tell me what de Young's admission fee is?
Well, how long is the trail at Lands End Lookout?
hi i'm planning a trip to s. f. ummm looking for a place to go and i'd like to go to a museum
oh perfect ummm could you get the phone number for me
That sounds great. Can I get their address and phone number?
Actually, can you check to see if there are any expensive hotels in Union Square?
Thanks. Could you please give me the parking details?
Hotel Nikko San Francisco is a highly-rated 4-star hotel in Union Square. Would you be interested in this hotel?
Hi, what are the landmarks around the Mission area of San Francisco?
Does the hotel have a swimming pool?
Hi, I need the number and zip code to a high end Guamanian place to eat it's 8 of us for Sunday.
Could you let me know what the rental costs at Ferry Building Bike Rentals?
it's ok could i have the star rating phone number and address of that place
Hello. Can you please help me find a Local Flavor place in Castro?
Hi! I'm searching for a cheap, 2 star inn in Marina.
There is a Cartoon Art Museum in Russian Hill. Would you be interested in that?
ok ummm let's try the new fortune ummm do you know if they have a t. v.
Yes, I need the phone number.
There are no Art Museums in Corona Heights, can I look for something else for you?
do you have the phone number for that place
I found the Europa Hotel. Would you like more information for this hotel?
Sure thing, it is booked, need anything else?
sounds good, do they have any age restriction to stay or check-in?
unfortunately in the hayes area i'm not finding any five star uhhh hotels is there somewhere else i could check for you
Is it moderately priced though? That's what I'm looking for.
One selection I've found for you is the Cable Car Museum. Would you like to learn more?
Is there a garden in the area?
I'm looking for a cheap 3 star hotel in Union square
San Francisco City Hall is located in Civic Center. Would you like the address?
I need a place to eat in North Beach
Yes, and can you also tell me the zip code and phone number?
The address is Pier 1 The Embarcadero and the phone number is (415) 274-0400.
Grant Plaza Hotel is a 2 star hotel in Chinatown that is cheap, would you like help booking it?
Coit Tower is located at 1 Telegraph Hill Blvd. Do you need any other information?
ok uhhh can you give me the zip codes for both
Hi. I'm looking for someplace in Fisherman's Wharf that has Art. Can you recommend something?
Sure, what are the zip code and phone number?
of course it's nine four one three three and their address is two fifty beach street
I need a bed and breakfast in Fisherman's Wharf
First, can you tell me the San Francisco Botanical Garden's parking situation?
Great! Can you get me the parking details at Bernal Heights Park?
From when to when is Hyde Street Pier open each day?
what are the temples and churches in Fillmore?
they're located at six three three larkin street their zip is nine four four one zero nine
I think Columbus Inn wold offer a nice flavor in North Beach.
Club Donatello is located at 501 Post Street. Is there any other information you need?
that's in the nine four one zero one area
Ina Coolbrith Park is located at Taylor & Vallejo Streets. How else may I assist you?
yeah let me go and check that. all right so it's saying that they don't offer deliver but they do offer take out in general
I perfer either Hyatt or Hilton.
sure let me see what there is. ok so one option shows up it's called super duper burgers is that something you'd be interested in
Does the Petite Auberge have 4 stars and is the the moderate price range?
How does Fort Point sound to you?
Great, could you also let me know what the parking options are at Chinatown?
I have found Grace Cathedral in Nob Hill. Would you like more information?
Free or fee?
How many stars would you like your hotel to have? There are many hotels in Union Square, ranging from one to five stars.
The Painted Ladies landmark is interesting. What else would you like to know about it?
The phone number to China Beach is (415) 561-4323.
Is the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art accessible to someone in a wheelchair?
Anywhere in the city is fine!
I want a 4 star hotel in Fisherman's Wharf
it's listed here as being in chinatown
Sure, can you get me the zip code and address?
May I have bike parking details for Hidden Garden Steps?
I'm not looking for any particular amenities.
Museum admission is 10 dollars for adults. Children's admission is 4 dollars. Would you like any other information?
This area has a great museum called the Walt Disney Family Museum which would be great for kids.
What is the price range for rooms there?
Great. Is there bike parking available?
I want to see landmarks in Russian Hill
ok let me see what we have here ok so there are a variety of options so one of them that people tend to like the most is called coit tower
Yes are there any nice landmarks to visit in the Russian Hill area?
I want to go to a museum in Presidio
I'll try the Inn at Union Square. Could I get their phone number please?
yeah let me see if that's listed anywhere all right so it's not specifically saying if they do or if they don't have live music at this location
The Golden Gate Hotel is 2 in Union square, there are no 1 star .
There are several options in that category. Is there a particular hotel chain you would like to book?
The phone number is (415) 433-9111. Do you need more information or would you like to make a reservation?
Do you know the phone number of The Four Seasons Hotel San Francisco?
There is no four star hotels there but SW Hotel is 3 stars and have a nice location.
I need Tex-Mex food in Japantown
Presidio Parkway Inn is a perfect match, would you like more info?
I want it to be an expensive hotel but if you can't find one I'll settle for one in a moderate price range instead.
Sure, I'll book in that reservation for you. What else can I help you with today?
I found a very nice but expensive restaurant called The Rotunda in this area.
Does the place have a dresscode?
Absolutely, Alamo Square is a park you can visit in that area.
I need the phone number of the landmarks in presidio
Yes, the address is 1 Ferry Building, and the zip code is 94111.
I have several listings for 4 star hotels in Union Square. Perhaps, we can narrow the list by price range. Would you prefer expensive, moderate or cheap?
No thanks, Do you have any Zoo's that are in the Lakeshore area?
oh awesome uhhh can you give the zip code of that please
Yes, can you tell me the address with the zip code included?
there are no beaches in twin peaks
Can I have their zip code?
did you need help with anything else
Do you prefer one inside or outside?
They are a four star hotel. Anything else I can get for you?
I would like to book 2 rooms in a hotel from Wednesday for 6 nights in Union Square.
thank you can you ummm share the reservation number please
What about Pier 33, how can I get to the location from The city?
Can you tell me if they offer daily housekeeping services?
hi i'm booking an upcoming trip to san francisco and i'm looking for a zoo in the fisherman's wharf area of the city
Could you give me the address and zip code for the Cartoon Art Museum?
What is the zip code of the park?
I can recommend The Axiom Hotel in Union Square
The address and phone number to Piqueo's is 830 Cortland Ave and (415) 282-8812.
Yes, the phone number is (415) 701-2311. What else can I do for you?
zip code is nine four one zero two
yes absolutely can you get the phone number and zip code please
What is the zip code for Boudin Bakery & Cafe?
Yes, China Beach is located at 490 Sea Cliff Ave.
Yes, I'd suggest Vallejo Street Steps or Lombard Street as good examples of local flavor. Are either of those interesting to you?
is it safe to assume it's air conditioned
Is there parking available right at Coit Tower?
What kind of meals do they serve for breakfast?
What kind of parking can I find at The Mrs. Doubtfire House?
thanks
There are many moderately priced hotels to choose from, how many stars would you like?
There are no art museums or art galleries in this area. Would you like me to search a different location?
I would like to know how much it costs to get into de Young
ok what's the zip code and the phone number for the walt disney one
ok cool ummm i'm interested could you please give me the phone number for that place
Yes, I have the phone number. It's (415) 633-3000. Are you ready to book?
Warf Inn please, and how much does the wifi cost?
Can I get the address for the powell/madison line?
ok uhhh do they speak french
We have quite a few hotels in Union Square, did you have a price range in mind?
I don't see any options like that in Union Square. Do you want to try a different area?
Is there a museum to see in Embarcadero, San Francisco?
ok not a problem ummm can i get the address the zip code and the phone number please
ok ummm can i book a table for six for tomorrow at seven thirty
What is the zip code at Filbert Steps?
Do they have a 24-hour front desk?
I would like to dine in a moderate Tex-Mex Restaurant in Union Square.
Are dogs allowed at Chancellor Hotel?
I was not able to find any results for that area. Would you like to do another search?
definitely their phone number is four one five five six one forty three twenty three and their zip code is nine four one two nine
Do they have wifi for guests?
The phone number for Green Tortoise Hostel is (415) 834-1000.
Sounds good. Does it have any breakfast option?
How about Baker Beach, would you like to know more?
Yes it is moderately priced. Would you like the address and phone number?
Their phone number is (415) 655-7800.
Manna is located 845 Irving St.
Before that, can I ask for their zip code?
Hi, Can you please help me find a nice place to dine in North Beach?
Dolores Park and Seward Street Slides are parks in Castro. Can I give you the details for one of them?
Yes if they offer free parking.
ok do you know if i can bring my dog
Can you book me a table for 9 people on sunday at 1:30pm?
sure and from what day
Can I bring my dog there?
great and one last request while i have you on the phone uhhh could you help me find somewhere to stay in the presidio area maybe like a four star hotel moderately priced
May I suggest Hotel Beresford?
got it ok appreciate the zip code thank you. uhhh and finally yeah ummm i need a place to stay that night ummm i really got my eye on the mission area and again i'm i'm still in that expensive price range ummm but i want somthing kind of cozy like a bed and breakfast ummm with a star of two at least any recommendations
The Axiom Hotel is a four-star hotel that's cheaply priced. Or I could look for something else in the cheap or moderate price range.
What about Museum Of 3D Illusions?
Near the beach?
McKinley Square Park Foundation is located at 2301 20th St.
I found Yoda Fountain at Lucasfilm.
Great, what is the address and zip code of the place?
I'm interested in going to an art place in San Francisco.
Check out The Mrs. Doubtfire House, the movie that was featured in the film Mrs. Doubtfire.
ok let's see what i can find all right nothing is showing up with those specifications is there something i could change
ok looks pretty close to where i need to be ummm do you know if the rooms have a heating system in it
Yes, there are 2 options for a 3 star hotel. They are Hotel Boheme and Washington Square Inn.
I'm looking for a 5 star hotel in Union Square. Can you help me find one please?
Yes, can you tell me whether Clarion Alley is accessible for folks in wheelchairs?
Orchard Garden Hotel is a 3 star hotel at 466 Bush Street 94108. Royal Pacific Motor Inn is a 2 star hotel at 661 Broadway Street 94133. SW Hotel is a 3 star hotel located at 615 Broadway 94133.
sure let me search that all right it's not saying that they specifically have parking around that area unfortunately
i'd like to find somewhere to go that where i can see some art in union square
I found Ferry Building Marketplace located in Embarcadero.
It is in the moderate price range. Would you like to book a room?
Club Donatello is a 4 star hotel in that area. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Chancellor Hotel on Union Square is cheap and 3 stars, would that work?
uhhh what type of accomodation is it
Yes, The Rotunda does offer takeout service. Do you want any other information about this restaurant?
What price range should I look for?
ok so there are quite a few options but one of them that has very high ratings is called the hotel nikko san francisco
There is the Sam Wo Restaurant. Would you like to make a reservation?
hi ummm i can you please find a greek restaurant in mission terrace that has a moderate price range
hi i'm i'm calling to see uhhh about a trip to san francisco ummm i was looking for a place uhhh a hotel in union square in the moderate price range with four stars
I would like to find a fun attraction to visit in the Nob Hill area.
How about same area but a hotel with 3 stars and moderately priced?
i'm not seeing them showing any free wi-fi here i'm sorry
sure let me see what i can find for you. ok so there is one option called the san francisco zoo is that something that might interest you
I want to see landmarks in Fisherman's Wharf
sure that's gonna be four one five four one two zero three eight two
I want to see local flavor in Pacific Heights
Actually I think I would like to find a longer trail for hiking.
Sure. Their zip code is 94102.
I'm not looking for any particular price range or star rating, so can you just pick a place?
I want something to do in Alamo Square like a public market.
Would you find me a place I can go hiking in Sea Cliff?
Yes . May i know the details of bike parking facility available in the museum?
Hello. Can you please help me find a moderately priced hotel in Union Square?
I found the Andrews Hotel. Would you like to know more?
I have one match, Tony's Pizza Napoletana, and it has a moderate price range.
I apologize. They do not have a phone number listed. Would you like any other information about it?
I need some assistance arranging accommodations for my stay in San Francisco.
Yes. Find me something that has two stars.
It's 2905 Hyde Street and the zip code is 94109.
Yes, for sure. Specifically, can you tell me when the check-in time is?
OK, and how much is the admission fee at Yoda Fountain at Lucasfilm?
I couldn't find their phone number. But their address is 145 Jefferson St. Anything else you require?
ok let me go ahead and search that all right we do have one option showing up and it's called hotel sunrise is that something you might be interested in
yeah. yeah i was looking for expensive price price range itself thank you so uhhh can you get me the type of accommodation they're providing ok yeah sure go ahead
I'm sorry, there are no restaurants in Fisherman's Wharf that serve Izakaya food at any price point. Can I look for something else for you?
that's a great question sir let me check for you it looks like they do yes
What about a museum?
I'd recommend Pier 33 located at 31 San Francisco Pier 33 on Alcatraz Island.
ummm can i have the phone number or zip code and zip code for that
Yes I can do that. I will make a reservation under the name Sally.
No, I'm sorry, there are no art museums in Fisherman's Wharf. Can I look for a different attraction for you?
I would like to book a table for Sunday at 1:30.
No thanks, but could you tell me what the parking options are at Clarion Alley?
ok so we do have one option it's called coit tower is that something you might like
What's the price range?
Yes, do you know whether Belden Place has anywhere for visitors to park?
Do they have WiFi for guest?
There is nothing in your price range available in North Beach. Would you like me to look for other lodging?
I found two moderately priced kebab restaurants but not in Union Sqaure.
What about the first one, could I get the address please
How about Wave Organ, what is the parking situation like?
Sorry, there is no Fisherman's Wharf hostel fitting that description. Would you like to modify the search?
Yes, French is one of the languages spoken at this hotel. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
I doesn't really matter that much, but it should be a park in that area.
Just as long as it is some kind of park.
Do they have accommodations for wheelchair accessibility?
zip code here is nine four one three three
OK, there is a Hilton Union Square. Shall I provide you their information?
Yes, can I have their phone number?
Does it have a 2 star rating?
i certainly do the phone number is four one five seven two two forty four eighteen and their zip code is nine four one three three
Hello, can you suggest something fun to do in the Financial District?
There are ten options in North Beach. Is there a certain type of food or a price point you're interested in?
what landmarks are there in Chinatown
ok uhhh rooster and rice sounds pretty good can you get me the phone number and zip code please
The address is Grant Ave And Bush St and the zip code is 94108.
I would like to find a place to stay in Union Square.
I am going to San Francisco, can you find me a place to stay in the Japantown area in the moderate price range and at least a 3 star??
Is this hotel weheelchair accessible?
The Embarcadero Public Promenade is a popular attraction. Would you like more information on it?
Yes, can I get the address please?
Which area of San Francisco would you like me to look in?
ok do you know if they offer daily housekeeping
Can you find me a place that has 2 stars, and if that's not available, then 3 stars?
The zip code for Alamo Square is 94115.
ok ummm why don't i go ahead and book two rooms ummm for sunday just for one night
so i'm not seeing that listed here as a reservation being needed for parking
The zip code is 94102. Would you like to book a room?
Thanks. And will I be able to get an extra bed in the room for my son to sleep in?
I want to go to the visitor center in Bernal Hill
sure let me see which one's have
Could you recommend a place to dine in Mission Bay?
Yes, do they have gluten-free options?
sure address is steiner street and hayes street
ok definitely so that phone number is four one five three five seven four thousand and their address and zip code is one five one third street with the post code or the zip code also uhhh as nine four one zero three
Do they speak French there?
I want a moderately priced bed and breakfast in Union square
The zip code is 94133. Do you have any other questions I can help with?
The most expensive in this area is the Four Seasons Hotel San Francisco. Do you need any more information?
Yes, I would like visit a landmark attraction in San Francisco. Can you help me find one please?
Yes, could you tell me whether Baker Beach has any trails?
Yes, the Hyatt Centric Fisherman's Wharf San Francisco is located there. Would you like to book a room?
address is one zoo road with the phone number four one five seven five three seven zero eight zero
The Argonaut Hotel, a Noble House Hotel may work for you
so they're located on the embarcadero at the corner of beach street and their zip code is nine four one three three
yeah definitely let me go ahead and see what can i find for you
Thanks. What's the address and zip code there?
Is there a restaurant onsite?
Does it offer wifi for guest?
Pier 33 is a great place to visit. Would you like to learn more about it?
Sure. The phone number is (415) 863-2909
I have three results. Would you be interested in municipal pier? It's an aquatic park pier.
Can you find a place to stay in the same area?
What about any other kind of museum?
can you tell me how many stars it has
I need a beach in Castro
The zip code is 94133. Do you have any other questions?
I'd like one with a 2 star rating.
I want to see a landmark in Marina
The phone number is (415) 426-5220.
I would like to reserve two rooms for two nights with check in on Tuesday.
Does the hotel have concierge service?
There is one attraction in this area which is the Oakland Museum of California.
no problem their address is five zero one post street
what about the zip code of each
Boudin Bakery & Cafe and Pier Market Seafood Restaurant both serve sandwiches and are moderately priced. Do you have a preference?
Great, can I get the zip code for Hotel Kabuki please?
Yes, can you tell me their address and phone number?
okay sounds good ummm and then one last thing do you know the zip code of that was
It would be okay. Do they speak french at this hotel?
Awesome, do you know whether Magowan's Infinite Mirror Maze has bike parking facilities?
ok and what information did you want there
I have a couple of results. How about Pier 7?
When is Alamo Square open and closed every day?
Can you tell me the bike parking details for the Hyde Line cable cars?
Do they have breakfast?
Hi, Can you help me find a place to go in the city?
ok ummm do you know if they have facilities for guest parking
ok sure let me see what's available. so in that area i'm not finding a hotel in lower pacific heights let me see if there's anything else i can find for you
Yes, there are multiple hotels in Union Square. Would you like to know more?
The address for Twin Peaks is 501 Twin Peaks Blvd.
sure price range is moderate here
I'm not seeing anything matching your criteria. Do you want to try a different location?
Would you like to hear about Hidden Garden Steps in Inner Sunset?
the zip code is nine four one three two
Do you know if they have any facility for bike parking?
ok uhhh can i get the address and phone number of that place
Can you give me all the parking information there?
yeah of course that is four one five six five eight seven three zero six
Hello. Can you please help me find a Visitor Center in Presidio?
There are no Western Addition-area parks, I'm afraid, but there are a number of parks in different areas. Would you like to explore some of those?
Do they have any delivery service?
I need a park in Castro
I have two results. Would you like a cheap or a moderate hotel?
Can I get the address for the dragon gate?
Yes please, what is the price range?
What are some interesting places in Embarcadero?
Pier 39 is at The Embarcadero And Beach St, 94133. Would you also like their phone number?
Yes, they are in the moderate price range.
ok what about the tenderloin area
sure the address for that location is three six zero one street
all right why don't you give us some information about the dungeon do you have the phone number and a zip code for it
i can check for you ummm it looks like they do offer delivery
let me see if there is. no unfortunately i'm not finding any motels in fisherman's wharf that are four stars
The prices ranges of from moderate to expensive for the 3 stars.
Hi, Can you please help me find a park in Embarcadero.
I found one bed and breakfast, called Petite Auberge. It is moderately priced and has 3 stars.
ok sure let me see what i can find for you ok i'm able to pull up a few places one of them that people do tend to enjoy is called the taj campton place
There is one result. It's the Hyde Street Beach. It's rated 4 out of 5 stars.
the beaches in Bernal heights are all located down the hill near the ocean
Yes, what is the parking situation like at Belden Place?
Can you tell me what the address and zip code is for the Club Donatello?
how about the holiday inn express one
Thanks, do you have a suggestion for an expensive restaurant in Mission Bay?
oh ok great not too far uhhh what's the zip code
Can I have the address please for that hotel?
Are you able to provide the opening hours of Golden Gate Bridge Welcome Center ?
The Suites at Fisherman's Wharf address is 2655 Hyde Street, it's 3 stars, and the number is (415) 771-0200.
I want to go to the aquarium at Fisherman's Wharf
I want to go to a beach in Sea Cliff
Do they have any parks?
I recommend Piccolo Forno. This is a highly rated Italian restaurant in Russian Hill.
Thanks. What can you tell me about parking near the beach?
Yes please find one that is two stars.
What price range are you looking at for this hotel booking?
Delicious Dim Sum has four stars on yelp. Would you like more information?
How much is the admission fee at Belden Place?
What is the ambience there? I'm looking for a lively place.
No, I do not have a star preference.
I'm sorry, there are no gardens in Lakeshore. San Francisco Botanical Garden is in Golden Gate Park. Would you like more information?
There are several results.Is there a specific cuisine you would like?
I want to experience some of the local flavor of the Tenderloin area in San Fran. What do you suggest?
Would you please find out the parking details at Gregangelo's?
sure let me see what's in the area ok so there's one option it's called sutro baths is that something you'd like
and what about zip code and phone number
ok let me see what i can find all right there are quite a few options but one of them that is quite popular is called club donatello
The Bernal Heights Park is a good choice. Would you like more information about it?
I'm sorry, there are no hostels either in those locations. What else may I find for you?
hi i'm looking for a place to stay in north beach
The Walt Disney Family Museum is in that area. How does that sound?
uhhh and i also need to find help with finding a hotel in the same area that's in the cheaper price range
Hotel Boheme is a 3 stars hotel, do you need additional info?
Yes, perhaps you would enjoy visiting the Exploratorium After Dark. That is in Embarcadero.
Andrews Hotel actually has a 4-star rating, would you like me to look for something with a higher rating?
yeah let me take a look for you. i found one place and it's called franciscan crab restaurant
Magowan's Infinite Mirror Maze, the San Francisco Carousel, or the San Francisco Dungeon would be good choices. Would you like more information on any of them?
I need Chinese food in Chinatown
yeah definitely i'm finding just one location and it's called a mano
I have the San Francisco Zoo in the Lakeshore area. Would you like more information?
sure let me check that ok unfortunately database does not say whether they do or they dont require a security deposit
There's a 3 star hotel in Japantown named Kimpton Buchanan Hotel. Would you like to learn more or book a stay?
There are two locations, one is called Gentilly which serves Cajun food and the other is the Golden State Grill which has Greek food.
Can you find me one that is in the moderate price range and has 3 stars?
sure i've got quite a few places to recommend in san francisco there's japantown uhhh there's pier thirty nine but a great recommendation i have for you is called painted ladies
great uhhh can you check if they accept google pay
Great. Does Hyatt have any age restriction in checking in?
Are there any museums in the area?
Yes, I'd like to visit a landmark attraction in the North Beach/Telegraph Hill area. Can you help me?
Sure, the address is 1 Letterman Dr.
The phone number for Club Donatello is (415) 885-8809. What else can I do for you?
I am trying to find an attraction in North Beach/Telegraph Hill.
I would like one that is 3 stars. Does that fit this one?
they're located at pier fifteen
I have looked and there is not a Marriott hotel in that range.
From what time to what time is Cable Car museum in Nob Hill open?
Hi! I would like to visit a landmark attraction in Fisherman's Wharf.
Sure I can recommend Golden Gate Bridge Welcome Center at the Golden Gate bridge
cool is it kid friendly i've got three kids with me
Could you book me two rooms starting on Saturday for four nights at Hilton Parc 55?
Pier 39 is a very nice attraction in this area. Would you like more information?
ok thanks ummm so uhhh in addition i'd like to go to a restaurant with recommendation that has seafood in the same area in the price range in the cheap range
For the bridge, it's 94607 and for the city hall, it's 94102. Anything else I can help you with?
I need an amusement park in Fisherman's Wharf
I have the Golden Gate Hotel and the Cornell Hotel de France . It is in the moderate price range. Would you like more information?
I want to go hiking in Sea Cliff.
Find me an expensive hotel in Union Square.
Sure. Do you happen to know their address?
Can you find me a breakfast and brunch restaurant in the moderate price range?
Sure, the powell/mason line is at Powell & Market St.
yeah let me take a look and see if they do fortunately they do
They are in the cheap price range and the address is 2026 Lombard Street.
definitely their phone number is four one five seven six nine fifty seven thirty seven
The park is at the intersection of Taylor & Vallejo Streets.
They are located at 151 3rd St.
I was unable to find anything fitting those requirements. How else may I help you?
and while you're there can you check if they free wi-fi available in that location
Sure, there are several local flavor options in different parts of the city. What about Lombard Street in Russian Hill?
I recommend Hotel Kabuki, a Joie de Vivre Hotel for you sir. It's a 4 star with a reasonable price.
I apologize, but there is no hotel which fits the specifics you're looking for. May I search for something else for you?
I'm sorry there are no parks in that area. There are some nice beaches that might interest you. Can I tell you about them?
Can you make a reservation for me?
How does the Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Union Square sound to you?
hi i'm looking for a place to go in fisherman's wharf ummm something that's got some kind of art
Great, what's the zip code of the Hyde line one?
The zip code is 94108. Can I help you with anything else?
sure their price range is actually in the moderate range
I want a museum in Presidio.
Hi! I would love to visit a landmark attraction in San Francisco!
Three and up please
Yes can I have the phone number and zip code?
Okay, how about a Hotel that's moderately priced instead of cheap?
yes they do
do you know if it's a good place for large groups
Yes, I need a place to stay in Union Square and also a recommendation for any local landmarks.
Hi. Can you find an expensive hotel for me in Union Square?
sure let me see what i can find for you. ok i'm able to pull up two separate options one is coit tower and other is pier thirty three
Can you tell me the zip code and address of the Welcome Center?
How about a similar place that has a 2-star rating instead?
Ok, is there a restaurant onsite?
What is the star rating?
hi i was wondering if you could help me figure out whether there's an aquarium in the presidio area that i could visit
Do you know if 7D Experience has bike parking?
There are several, but The Fairmont Heritage Place Ghirardelli Square is the only one with five stars. Would you like to know more about this hotel?
Could you get me the address and phone number?
Yes, can I have their address?
I want to see a landmark in North Beach/Telegraph Hill
Okay, do you know of any Local Flavor in that area?
Hmm, how about a landmark in Presidio?
Ina Coolbrith Park is in Russian Hill, what sort of restaurant are you looking for?
No whereever would be okay.
Europa Hotel's number is (415) 391-5779 and the zip code is 94133.
sure let me see what i can find. yeah i'm not finding any cheap hotels in embarcadero area i'm sorry
Yes, the phone number is (415) 983-8030. Is there anything else I can help you with?
sure zip code is nine four one two one phone number is four one five four two six five two four zero
Yes, can you tell me their phone number and zip code?
Are they a 5-star Hotel? I'm trying to find a 5-star hotel.
No, I don't have a brand preference. Could you recommend one for me?
I need to eat out in Chinatown
What's the address for the Hyde line?
Great, can you tell me whether Madame Tussauds charges any admission fee?
Sorry, I don't have its full address. But it's located in Pier 39.
How about the San Francisco Marriott Union Square? It has a 4 star rating and is, as I mentioned, moderately priced.
I want to go to the visitor's center in Presidio
There are no significant Landmarks in Union Square. Can I search another area for you?
Okay there are several parks but Dolores Park is one of the most popular.
What is the zip code there?
And what time does Cathedral of Saint Mary of the Assumption open on weekdays?
perfect and can i please have the address of that a mano
I need a hotel in North Beach
The museum is open from 11 am til 5 pm but they are closed Wednesdays. Can I help with anything else?
The phone number is (415) 931-7475. Would you like to reserve a room?
What is the zip code for the location?
There are 16 cheap hotels and hostels in Union Square, what type of establishment are you looking for?
Yes, do they allow dogs at the Andrews Hotel?
I want a hotel in North Beach
their address is one zero nine zero point lobos avenue
oh that sounds good uhhh can i get their phone number i wanna ask if they have an exhibit that i'm interested in also i will need their address and zip code for my g. p. s.
Sure it's 94124. Anything else I can help with?
Does it offer any Dim Sum with no meat at all?
There's street parking and a private lot at Bernal Heights Park. Would you like to know anything else?
How about the Washington Square Inn, which is in North Beach?
Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Union Square is a 3 star, moderately priced hotel, would you like to make a reservation?
Is there bike parking available at San Francisco City Hall?
The only cheese shop I have available is in SoMa. Would you like more information about The GrilledCheezGuy?
Does Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf sound good to you?
Do you have the opening hours for Bay City Bike Rentals and Tours?
i'm not finding a name for it it's just listed as landmark but it's located on post and buchanan
I need to rent bikes in Fisherman's Wharf
There are many landmarks including Coit Tower, The Golden Gate Bridge, and Alcatraz Island. Would you like to hear more?
There is no phone number available, but this is the address 10 Bernal Heights Blvd, 94110
What is the address for Alamo Square?
great ummm then i was looking for a place to eat out in the same area that's cheap like a deli of some kind that had sandwiches
All right, as I said, they are at 2 Beach St. What other information could I find out for you about it?
ok. all right what information do you want from that one
no problem so i'm finding orchard garden hotel that's in chinatown
do you know if they offer delivery
Sounds interesting. Is there any parking at the murals?
I want an expensive 4-star hotel in Union square.
ok let me see if i can pull something up all right nothing matching those specifications is there something i can change for you
That sounds interesting. What are their opening hours?
I can accommodate you for that.
Is it cheap and 3 stars?
Is there anything with four stars with similar criterion.
I'd recommend Pier 33. Would you like their address?
No, any where in San Francisco will be fine.
Great, what's their ZIP code?
The address for Cupid's Span is The Embarcadero At Folsom St.
The phone number for Subpar Miniature Golf is (415) 761-1706 and the address is 900 North Point St.
Sorry, there is no phone number to provide. Is there anything else I can help you with?
so i'm not seeing a garden listed no
The Chancellor Hotel, Hotel Bijou, and The Cartwright Hotel all fit those criteria. Which would you prefer?
Can you find me some kind of art attraction in Balboa Terrace instead?
ok all right one option does show up with that it is called the alamo square seafood grill
Walt Disney Family Museum would be perfect then, do you need more info?
I found Fitzgerald Hotel Union Square and Grant Hotel	 both with moderate pricerange and 2 stars.
yeah anywhere in san francisco's fine
ok uhhh that'd be great. uhhh one additional thing so still in marina and cow hollow uhhh are there any places that you suggest that you recommend that serve kind of traditional american type food
They are located at 279 Columbus Ave.
Is it a 4 star hotel?
Can you get me the phone number and the zip code?
sure here it is three stars and the zip code is nine four one zero nine
When does that business open?
sure it's listed here as american new food
There are many landmarks all over San Francisco. For example, in Chinatown there is the Dragon Gate.
ok ummm could you give me the address and the zip code uhhh and also the price range
Do they serve sandwiches?
How does the Andrews Hotel sound to you?
The Andrews Hotel is a 3 star hotel. Would you like me to book that for you?
yeah it sounds interesting uhhh what's the price range the address and the zip code for that one
It is Grant Ave & Bush St
Will you tell me their phone number?
Sure we have Ferry Building Bike.
Twin Peaks Park is a great choice. Would you like to learn more?
sure the phone number is listed as four one five three five seven four zero zero zero and their address is one five one third street
I'm afraid there's nothing fitting those categories. What else may I try and find for you?
They are in the 94129, 94121 and 94109 zip codes.
sure let me see what i can pull up for you ok so there are quite a few options for that one of them that people do tend to enjoy is call san francisco marriott union square
Can I get the address and zip code?
What is their ZIP code?
Thanks. I'm also looking for a park in that same area.
Sure, how does the Hidden Garden Steps sound to you?
Can I have the zip code for Coit Tower?
yeah let me see what we have. ok so there's nothing in that area could i check somewhere else for you
I need a temple in Nob Hill
Can I know the opening hours for Dolores Park?
I don't have a preference for that.
Hotel Kabuki is a four star, moderately priced hotel, would you like more information?
Is breakfast included in my booking?
Yes, do you have a specific type of cuisine in mind?
Sure. Its address is 781 Beach St and the zip code is 94109.
Can you book a table for 3 for me on Saturday at 5:30?
do you know if they deliver
yes, what is the address and zip code.
Sure. San Francisco City Hall is a landmark in the Civic Center area.
Sure, there are a lot of options. What price range did you have in mind?
Sure, you can try Green Tortoise Hostel.
Alright, when does the Golden Gate Bridge Welcome Center open each day?
you know what in the chinatown area i'm not finding any inns
I would like a cheap hotel, please
hello uhhh would you be able to help me find a place to go and see in nob hill
hmmm ok well maybe i'll just leave him at home then ummm so while i'm down there i'm gonna need a place to stay and i was hoping to stay near fisherman's wharf ummm probably in something that's more the kind of upper tier expensive price range do you have any recommendations there
I would like the hotel to be 4 star if possible.
I have Madame Tussauds San Francisco on 145 Jefferson St.
Sounds fine, what's their phone number?
sure yeah is there is there any hotels anywhere in the city that are four stars
of course their phone number is four one five nine eight nine seven four three seven and their nine four one three three
There is. I recommend Orchard Hotel which is a 3-star hotel in Union Square.
What time does Pier 39 open?
Its phone number is (415) 771-9000. Do you have any other questions?
sure let me see what i can find for you all right so nothing's showing up with those specifications is there something i can change for you
Would you be interested in Clarion Alley?
I found Bistro At The Cliff House. Would you like more information?
of course they are located at twenty four hundred polk street and their zip code is nine four one zero nine
There are many choices available. Would you like to narrow it down by price range?
Great, can you give me the phone number and zip code for that?
Their number is (415) 658-7306
I want to a place to stay in Presidio.
Do any of the resturants off Cantonese food?
sure let me see here. ok so in fisherman's wharf there is one museum it's called ripley's believe it or not
Yes it is kid friendly. Would you like the address of where Lombard Street is?
oh great can i get the phone number please
Magowan's Infinite Mirror Maze sounds interesting. Can you give me the address?
Umm, the moderate price range will be fine and make it a bed and breakfast if you can.
I want to go to a beach in Bernal Heights
Can you tell me what kind of ambience that Tanguito has?
How about a landmark instead then?
Could you give me Coit Tower's zip code?
how about the Golden gate bridge
It will have to be cheap in North beach.
Yes, I'd like to find an attraction in the Marina area as well.
ok sure let me go ahead and see what i can pull up for you. ok so i do have a few options here but the one that people do tend to enjoy the most is called the kimpton sir francis drake hotel
that's a great question unfortunately i'm unable to determine that for you
The Axiom Hotel is cheap and is a four star hotel does that sound good?
Can you help me find a nice place to eat while in Presidio?
I'm Andrea. By the way, what is their check-in time?
The Golden Gate Bridge Welcome Center is a visitor center located in the Presidio area, would you like their phone number?
Club Donatello sounds good to me. Does it have a front desk that's open for 24 hours?
ok cool and do you know if they have delivery there
You can check out The Mrs. Doubtfire House.
sure let me see what i can find for you all right so one option is showing up it's called the molinari delicatessen is that something you might like
Amsterdam Hostel has one star, would you like any more details?
It is located at Grant Ave And Bush St. Anything else I can help you with?
How about churches instead?
I want to know its zip code for sure.
Is there any parking facility at Dolores Park?
I need to know about places I can go hiking in Sea Cliff.
Can you give me the address to Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf?
for sure it's four one five seven zero five one five zero zero
I have for you The Coit Tower in North Beach/ Telegraph Hill
It is located on the wharf
Can I park my bike there? Can you give me details?
What about Axiom Hotel? It's the only 4-star hotel in a cheap price range.
They currently have 3 stars.
Great, do I need to make a reservation for parking?
The address is Powell Market St, but I do not have the phone number or zip code. My apologies.
what's the address and zip code of that place
Thanks. I need the phone number as well.
Yes, I would like the phone number for the San Francisco Zoo, please.
Sure, what kind of price range were you interested in?
I want to see local flavor in San Francisco.
Would you like to stay at the Andrews Hotel? It meets your criteria.
I want a motel in Union square
what is your price range
There are two beaches in Presidio, Baker Beach and Chrissy Field, would you like details of either?
Are the rooms in this hotel heated?
That sounds great! Do you think that it's a good place also for kids?
Before that, can you tell me the parking details at The Mrs. Doubtfire House?
hi i'm planning a trip to s. f. and i'm looking for a place i'm looking for a landmark to go to in the city
How about Cupid's Span? They don't have a phone number listed, but the address is The Embarcadero at Folsom Street and the zip code is 94107.
Great. Can I get the address and phone number?
yeah definitely in that area there's a few different spots but something that's worthy is the fairmont heritage place in ghirardelli square
I don't see any bookstores in the SoMa area. Would you like to try another area?
Club Donatello is moderate in price range.
Yes, I'd like to know the opening hours for Madame Tussaud's.
sure they're located on the corners of taylor and vallejo streets and their zip code is nine four one zero one
The phone number is (415) 982-2844.
How about Ferry Building Marketplace? You can find that in Embarcadero.
Could you please tell me the admission fee at Exploratorium?
Can you re-run the search for an expensive hotel?
Is there any parking facilities available at San Francisco Zoo?
sure let me go ahead and check that
Can you tell me its price range?
ok can you give me zip code of that loaction
Hello. Can you help me find a landmark to visit in Mission?
Yes, what is the price range for Hotel Kabuki?
do you happen to know if they take reservations uhhh in advance
Yes, they do accept AMEX. Would you like the address of Madame Tussaud's? Is there anything else I can help you with?
Amsterdam Hostel is located in Union Square. Would you like more information?
hi hey i'm planning a trip to san francisco and i'm wondering if you can help me out ummm i got a couple of requests the first one is a place to eat ummm in the inner richmond
The 16th Avenue Tiled Steps is in Inner Sunset would you like more details?
The zip code for Cupid's Span is 94107.
There are 2 amusement parks located in Fisherman's Wharf. The 2 are the 7D Experience and The Flyer - San Fransisco.
yeah let me go ahead and see what's there. all right we have one place showing up it's called the s. f. citadel how's that sound
got it and also ummm can you tell where can i park around there
Great. I'd like to book a room there. Before that, could you please check what time I can check-in there?
definitely it's four one five three four six twenty eight eighty
I need a star rating of 3 please.
Sure, your table is booked. Anything else that I could help you with?
there is there is the san francisco marriott in fisherman's wharf
I'm looking for a beach that I can go to in Fisherman's Wharf.
Can you also give me the opening hours of Musee Mecanique right now?
Is there any discoust for children?
I'm not sure but I want it to be cheap.
ok sure let me go and see what's there. all right i'm able to pull up two different options one is boudin ba bakery and cafe and the second one is pier market seafood restaurant
fantastic thank you. and once you're done with that i need another request
Hello. Can you please help me find a Landmark to visit in San Francisco?
no problem it's four one five eight three one fifty five zero zero
The address is The Embarcadero And Beach St and the phone number is (415) 705-5500.
Can you find me a place in the moderate price range?
Is their one for Landmark?
Yes, the Cathedral of Saint Mary of the Assumption is located in Fillmore. Would you like the address?
My I suggest the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art?
City Lights Bookstore is located in Chinatown. Would you like the address?
Show me places I can find local flavor in Inner Sunset.
The confirmation code is M97I0S. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you! I'd also like an attraction in the Sunset District.
There are many lodging facilities in Union Square. Do you have a lodging type preference, star rating and price range in mind?
ok and do you have the phone number for the four seasons
Yes. What price range are you looking for?
do you prefer them inside or outside
I have found several results. Which price range are you interested in?
Do I need to make a reservation for parking there?
Yes, I would like the phone number and address.
The Columbus Inn is located in North Beach, it is moderatley priced. Would you like to make a booking?
I need a cheap Union Square accommodation.
Is there somewhere I could park my bike there?
Nothing in particular. What attractions are in the Sunset District?
What is the address of Cupid's Span?
I am looking for Art Museum. Once found please provide me the zip code.
cool and last question ummm do you know if they allow dogs at the park
ok can i get the address of the academy of sciences
Hi, I am looking for a place to eat in Mission Terrace area?
no problem so uh it's not a bed and breakfast or inn it's a hotel and their address is going to be four six six bush street
sure let me see what i can find for you ok so one place is popping up it's called hogwash would you be interested in that
hi i'm looking for a place to stay in union square that's a hotel four stars and is in the expensive price range
and what is the zip code
Many hotels meet your criteria. How does The Donatello Hotel sound?
What are their opening and closing hours?
great do you know if they have parking available
uhhh how about moderate price range instead
Yes. Is it a cheap restaurant?
What type of attraction are you looking for?
I will need a reservation for parking as well. Is it possible?
Can I get the zip code and phone number?
Actually, I'd like to go ahead and book a table for 9 on Tuesday at 6pm.
I'm sorry there are no hostels in that area. Can I look somewhere else, or perhaps find other accomodations?
hi ummm i'm planning a trip to san francisco and i was wondering if you can help me find a park i could go to in russian hill
I would like something in the moderate price range with 4 stars
It's at 340 Stockton Street. Do you need any more information?
I have a lot of results. Is there a star rating you prefer?
Is it expensive?
What kind of price range are you looking for.
I'm looking for a hotel in Union Square
That sounds good. What hours are they open?
There is no garden in the Union Square area. But, Botanical Garden is located in 5 miles away.
There are 6 hotels in the area. Are you looking to stay at any specific street location?
Are there cable cars around there?
Hi, Would you please help me find a place to go in Fisherman's Wharf?
uh huh it's four one five six two four thirty five twenty five
Do you know if they offer accessible parking?
No, can you find me some cable cars in Union Square instead?
yes, please continue to look for moderately priced ones.
Hi, is there a amusement park near the Fisherman's Wharf?
Do they speak Portuguese?
Yes, could you tell me what the opening hours are at the Welcome Center?
What is your price range?
Sounds good. Does it have any wifi available for guests?
sure i've found one three star spot and it's called nob hill motor inn
What is the admission fee at the zoo?
Yes Sushirrito restaurant is in the moderate price range.
Are there any restaurants that serve New American food?
ummm in that case well can you uhhh like while booking for my uhhh room uhhh can you just call them up and you know check if they're wheelchair accessible
If you wish to visit art museums, I found the de Young Museum and the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art. I can provide more details if you're interested in either or both of these museums.
The number is (415) 398-8900. Would you like to book a room?
I'm looking for something with local flavor.
I have two restaurants that fit that criteria. One is Blue Barn Gourmet at 2237 Polk St. The other is Sumac located at 1096 Union St.
I don't have a price range in mind, but can you find me a hostel with three stars?
yeah definitely i found one in pacific heights area
That sounds good. Are you able to tell me what the opening hours are for Ferry Building Bike Rentals?
Can I get the address of the Andrews Hotel?
oh great ummm could you tell me the phone number and address for the uhhh s museum of modern art
Yes, although I'd like to know what the admission fee will be, please.
I want one in the cheap price range
The Hotel Kabuki, a Joie de Vivre Hotel is 4 stars and Kimpton Buchanan Hotel is 3. Do either of those sound okay?
FOUND has a 2 star rating.
I found several moderately priced hotels, there is the San Francisco Hilton Union Square on 333 O'Farrell Street, there is the Club Donatello located on 501 Post Street, then there's Hilton Parc 55 San Francisco Union Square on 55 Cyril Magnin Street. These are all rated 4 out of 5 stars.
Yes, where do I park my car for Bernal Heights Park?
Are there any 2 star hotels?
yeah could you look in lower nob hill please
I'm fine. Thank you. Can you suggest a moderately priced hotel in the same area?
Depending on which bike you pick, it costs from $8 to $16 hourly. Could I help you with something else?
sure let me check in the fisherman's wharf area i actually don't see a spot that serves chinese food
I want to go to the public market at the Fisherman's Wharf.
I'm not sure. I am just looking for a cheap hotel.
I want a place to stay in Chinatown for 5 nights.
I have no listings for public markets in Mission. Would you be interested in several of Mission's other attractions?
You might enjoy Gregangelo's Velocity Arts & Entertainment. Would you like to hear more about it?
Do they offer baggage storage for their guests?
Awesome, could you please tell me what the opening hours are at the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art?
I want to see art in Fisherman's Wharf
Do you know of any gardens or parks in Bernal heights?
hamburgers sound great super duper ones especially uhhh is there a place to park my bicycle
Is there any good expensive restaurant in the same area?
Does the Comfort Inn By the Bay Hotel San Francisco offer any kind of kitchen for guests?
What are the options for parking arrangements at the Mrs. Doubtfire House?
Do any of them have a 2 star rating?
What is the ZIP code of the second hotel?
Can you tell me if the Rotunda serves Cafes food?
let me search that for you ok so the database doesn't specify what languages they speak so i'm not able to let you know that
Hi, Can you help me find a place to go in the city that has a Public Market?
sure let me go ahead and search that for you. all right nothing's showing up with all of those specifications is there something i can change instead
Yes, can you help me find a cheap hotel?
How does the Palace of Fine Arts sound to you? The address is 3601 Lyon Street and the phone number is (415) 886-1929.
Yes, the reservation at the Axiom Hotel in Union Square is now booked for 7 o'clock tonight.
I found Dakota Hostel and Hotel is 2 star and is cheap in Union Square
Would you be interested in visiting an art museum?
uhhh yeah what about another places in san francisco
Can I get the confirmation number?
Hello. Can you please help me find a beach in Sea Cliff?
Ok and now I need a hotel to stay in that area. Can you help?
I'm looking for something in the moderate price range.
Sure, the Sea Cliff is home to the Camera Obscura,
Hello. Can you please help me find a garden to visit in Lakeshore?
I apologize as there is no hotel in the Inner Sunset area. Would you like to look in a different area?
The Zip Code is 94133.
There are six four-star hotels in Fisherman's Wharf; the Argonaut Hotel, the Hotel Riu Plaza, Hotel Zephyr, Hotel Zoe, the Hyatt Centric, and the San Francisco Marriott. What other information would you like to hear about them?
Are those cheaper accommodations in the Tenderloin area?
Can I get the address and phone number of the Axiom Hotel?
Can you do a similar search but moderately priced instead of expensive?
What is the zip code for them?
There are a lot of options. Would you be interested in a museum?
Great, could you inform me what the opening hours are at Fort Point?
ok great ummm i also would like to see if ummm there's a place we can eat uhhh in that same area ummm anything for sardinian food hopefully at a pretty cheap price range
Are you allowed to bring a dog to the four seasons?
There are no 2 star hotels in the moderate price range, Kimpton is 3 stars, would that be acceptable?
I found the Holiday Inn at Fisherman's Wharf. Would you like some details about this hotel?
Hi! I would like to book a room for Thursday in Pacific heights. I need a cheap, 2 star motel, and concierge service would be great!
Do you have a price or star rating preference?
I'll be going to San Francisco. I heard about a local place called Mission.
I have several options. Would you prefer a rental at Embarcadero, Fisherman's Wharf, or The Haight?
Hello. Can you please tell me a Landmark to visit in San Francisco?
I regret to inform you that there are no Argentine restaurants in NoPa in the expensive price range. May I search another way for you?
There are several moderately priced hotels in the area. Would you like me to check for your availability?
Are there any Museums?
What about Ferry Building Marketplace?
I can help you with that. What kind of attraction are you looking for?
I would recommend the The Suites at Fisherman's Wharf. Would you like me to book the reservation for you?
hi i'm looking for places to visit in presidio that have local flavor
Unfortunately there are no expensive hotels in Chinatown. Would you like to stay at a moderately priced hotel?
And the number of stars?
Dragon Gate is located at Grant Ave & Bush St in zip code 94108.
sure let me see if i can find anything. ok so we do have two options in that area for thai food one is called kin khao and the second is rooster and rice
Lands End Lookout is a place to go hiking in Sea Cliff. Would you like more information?
of course the phone number's listed as four one five five three eight thirty four thirty seven and their address is seven two one market street
Can I get the address for the alley?
Is this hotel wheelchair accessible?
I'm not concerned with their number of stars. Do you have any recommendation from them?
Can you tell me if there's parking available at North Beach?
The zip code is 94133. How else may I help you?
Would I be able to bring my wheelchair?
the first one is fine do they have an age restriction for staying or checking in
yeah definitely there's a couple options here how about b on the go is the name of the place
sure i've found just one spot and it's called franciscan crab restaurant
Does the Franciscan Crab Restaurant have gluten-free options?
Yes, they are in the cheap price range and their location is 1388 California Street.
Will you find me a cheap hotel?
can you find a hotel with moderate prices anywhere in the city
I would like to find a nice attraction to go to in the Presidio area please.
I want to go to a museum in Russian Hill
okay i think that would work do they do you know if they have a parking garage
There are unfortunately no zoos in this area. However, there is one park called Mount Davidson Park.
Yes. Look at the 2 star hotel.
What is the admission fee please?
I want to go to a garden in Castro
Let's begin by finding a place for you to stay. Would you prefer a hotel, motel, inn, bed & breakfast or hostel?
sure let me see what i can find for you. all right so there are quite a few options but one of them that people do tend to enjoy is called coit tower
How many people will be in your party so I can check a reservation at Gentilly?
sure here it's listed as the one star and it's a hostel
Are there any good museums in Fisherman's Wharf?
absolutely sir let me see what's available in the nob hill area. i'm finding a couple of locations ummm attraction types i'm finding the cable car california street line and i'm finding a church by the name of grace cathedral
How about Delicious Dim Sum?
The zip code for that area is 94111. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, is Cupid's Span accessible to someone in a wheelchair?
hi ummm i'm looking for a landmark to visit in san francisco can you give me some suggestions
Can you tell me if Andrews Hotel has guest parking available?
sure let me see what i can find for you ok so there are quite a few beaches in s. f. one that people do like a lot is called ocean beach how's that work
Are there any expensive restaurants?
Axiom Hotel is a cheap 4 star hotel in that area. Should I book a room for you?
I need a cheap hotel in Union square
Can you find a landmark there instead?
Are you interested in a hotel or hostel?
I'm looking in the moderate price range
Sure The Glass Elevators is a Local Flavor type of attraction.
Courtyard by Marriott Fishermans Wharf, Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites Fisherman's Wharf, Holiday Inn Fisherman's Wharf, The Suites at Fisherman's Wharf
My search returned 10 possible options for you. Is there a specific type of food you're looking for?
yeah can you find landmarks in presidio
I am looking for one in Alamo Square.
Is the Petite Auberge in the cheap range, with 4 stars?
Would I need a reservation for parking there?
There is one museum, the Contemporary Jewish Museum. Would you like more information?
There are several expensive hotels at the Union Square. However you'll find Taj Campton very suitable given that it is a 5 star hotel with the highest reviews
I have 22 possibilities for you. In order to narrow it down further, it would be helpful to know which price range you prefer.
I found a hotel called the Andrews Hotel. Would you like some more information?
I found New Fortune Restaurant for you, is in the cheap range and serves chinese food.
ok is it a good place for kids you know family friendly and all
Yes, can you tell me the phone number for them?
ok cool i i wanna go to a park after ummm do you know if there's any parks in the same area
of course that is one j. m. h. z. nine
Does it have a concierge service?
sure let me see what's available in the hayes valley area you know i found one place it's a scandinavian restaurant and bar it's called plaj
There are none with five stars available
There are 6 people in our party.
Show me a landmark in Fillmore.
I will need 2 rooms.
How many people are in your party?
hi uhhh i was planning a trip to san francisco and i was looking for a hotel near union square something that would have four stars but kind of in the expensive price range
The Suites at Fisherman's Wharf is listed as a 3 star, expensive Hotel. Would you like more information?
I'm interested in seeing the visitor center that is in North Beach/Telegraph Hill,
It sounds good. Thanks.
Hi, Can you please help me locate a nice place to stay in Union Square?
What is the zip code where that is located?
Chinatown may interest you then.
ok cool ummm i'm also looking for restaurants in the pacific heights area that also have cooking classes do you know if any
Yes, can you find me a place with 4 stars please?
Do they have a place to hold meetings there?
Yes, I am looking for a hotel in Union Square with a 4 star rating.
Do you have any preferred hotel chain or brand?
I need to find a moderately priced hotel in the Union Square area.
Will you tell me the address of the Argonaut Hotel?
uhhh hi i'm looking to find a museum uhhh for a place to go a museum in fisherman's wharf
Sure, their number is (415) 753-7080.
Successfully booked, the confirmation code is GDRB4M
Unfortunately, there are no hotels in Embarcadero. There are a 3 cheap accommodations nearby. Would you like to hear more details?
sure i could also recommend to you the haas-lilienthal house
totally there's a spot that's called fog harbor fish house
ok let's see if that's available all right it is available so i can book two rooms for you for tomorrow for one night
I want to see Fillmore's landmarks
Hi there, Can you please help me find a nice place to stay in Union Square?
The westin, works for you?
How about Americania Hotel?
I'm going to have a lot of baggage with me, do they offer baggage storage?
Could you please let me know if I can park my bike at Palace of Fine Arts?
Either is fine. I'll just need the address and phone number.
yeah there is a park in fact it's called twin peaks
Can I have the phone number for the 7D Experience?
There is no zoo in the area but Alamo Square Park is very popular. Would like more information?
Yes. Is there parking available at the Legion of Honor?
let's do the uhhh regular holiday inn uhhh can you give me the zip code
Yes, does Balmy Steret Murals have a phone number?
The Glass Elevator is located at 335 Powell St. The zip code is 94102. I'm unable to find a phone number, but can give you the website if you're interested?
great ummm so it sounds like i'll take my dog to the beach can you help me find a place uhhh that we could go to for lunch maybe somewhere moderately priced that serves bar food
definitely it's fifteen ninety nine lombard street that zip code is nine four one two three
Yes, do they offer takeout service?
I want to see a garden in San Francisco
yeah of course phone number is four one five five two eight one four one four and their zip code is nine four one one one
all right thank you
Could you please book a room at Marriott for tonight?
sure zip code is nine four one two nine
Hello. Can you please help me find art in Inner Sunset?
Do you know when the check-in time of that hotel is?
The address is 145 Jefferson St.
Do they have outdoor seating?
ok ummm do you know if they accept apple pay
can i get a phone number and zip code for that one
Yes, could you tell me what the parking options look like at the Exploratorium?
Possibly, do they accept AMEX?
sure let me check if that's available for you. ok so it is available i can go ahead and book seven people for thursday at seven p. m.
oh i'm interested in the marker san francisco ummm that will be really good does it have a facility for accessible parking
ok nob hill motor inn all right ummm does does that ummm hotel have heat in their rooms
I'm not seeing any art museums in that area. Do you want to try another area?
What kind of attraction were you interested in? Beach, landmark or museum?
thank you and can i also uhhh get a place to eat in the same area in the cheap price range and that has a tea room
It has a one star rating. Would you like to find one with two stars instead?
oh awesome ok and then after that ummm how about we will be tired and i'll need a place to sleep so is there a place to stay in union square kinda in the moderate price range a hotel maybe with a two star
Taboun is a popular Mediterranean restaurant in Twin Peaks. Would you like to hear more about it?
absolutely their address is one five one third street
I found two Seafood restaurants and one Traditional American restaurant. What would you prefer?
Great. Can you tell me how much it costs to park there?
I want to eat out in Union Square
Yes, the Amsterdam fits that criteria. What days would you like to stay?
that's nine four one two one
No, I want 4 stars ones.
I have two results. Would you prefer a four star or three star hotel?
Hotel Boheme is moderately priced and has a 3-star rating. Would you like to book a stay there or search with more strict criteria?
their zip code is nine four one three three and their phone number is four one five nine two eight eighteen forty nine
yes, can you book it for 8 people for Friday at 12pm.
Do they have any museums?
do they offer delivery there?
so i'm not showing any kind of payment being accepted i'm unable to find that information for you
sure their address is listed as twenty five hundred mason street and their phone number is four one five three six two five five zero zero
of course their phone number is four one five three six two seventy seven thirty three
I want a motel in Union Square
You could try Boudin Bakery & Cafe.
What price range?
The San Francisco zoo is in the Lakeshore area, at Zoo Road.
I need to go to a beach in San Francisco.
definitely give me one moment sir let me do that for you. and that booking has been confirmed
I need a cheap hotel in Union Square
This is a 3 star accommodation. Would you like me to check availability for your dates?
of course they're located at ten fifty seven steiner street and their phone number is four one five seven seven six fifty four sixty two
I perfer a moderate price range please.
great can you also check if they accept reservations
sure so what i'm not what i'm finding in the outer sunset is unfortunately nothing for british food
perfect. the uhhh is there a park in that area
sure that zip code is nine four one zero nine
They don't have a phone number listed, but the zip code is 94122.
Sounds good, but can I bring my dog?
hi i'm looking for uh to plan a surprise birthday lunch for my friend in north beach uhhh she likes deli food but i also want it to be moderately priced
hi uhhh i'm looking to visit san francisco and i was wondering if you could help me uhhh find a visitor center in the presidio
The ZIP is 94133. Can I help with anything else?
what are there for two star hotels in Chinatown
friday i'm showing one room available and i've gone ahead and booked that room for you
hi i'm planning a trip to uhhh san francisco and i was wondering if you have any landmarks that you suggest kinda near marina or cow hollow
I want to see landmarks in San Francisco
Hotel Boheme is 3 stars and is moderately priced.
Sure, there are quite a few options. What part of the city were you interested in visiting a place?
Yes, can you also tell me what the address, zip code, and phone number of this hotel are?
Thanks can you also tell me if this location is wheelchair accessible?
Certainly. There are many options in Union Square. Is there a price point or star rating you'd like me to look for?
What is the zip code for Hyde Street Pier?
Sure, their phone number is (415) 218-0259.
Yes, Hotel Bijou has a banquet facility, available at an additional charge. Would you like more information on this hotel?
Ok, perfect. Do they offer wifi for guests and is it free?
Thank you. I'd also like to know the admission fee for the museum.
I want a moderately priced 4 star hotel.
Of course. The address is The Embarcadero And Beach St and the zip is 94133. How else may I help you?
Yes, I'm looking for lodging and dining and an Amusement Park of some sort in Fisherman's Wharf, San Francisco.
What's their phone number?
The location is 580 Beach Street. Would you like me to book that for you?
I don't see any visitor centers in that area, though I only see "Bernal Heights" in my system. Would you like to try a different area?
Can you tell me about the art museums in Monterey?
uhhh sounds interesting do you know if they have uh vegetarian options on their menu
perfect ummm i would love if you could book a table for two people on sunday at twelve thirty p. m.
Will i be able to get an extra bed for my kid?
The Hotel Bijou is an inexpensive 3 star hotel in Union Square.
Only thing I could find in the area is The Cable Car Museum on 1201 Mason St.
I want somewhere moderately priced.
ok let me go and check the availability that day. all right it is available i'll go ahead and book for two rooms for this tuesday for two nights
Can you let me know if the Pier Market Seafood is good for kids?
Yes, they are in the cheap price range. Would you like the address?
Admission at the 7D experience is $13 for both adults and children. Do you have any other question?
I'm looking for a moderately priced hotel in the Union square I mean the marina
ok and is the grant hotel pretty close to ummm the museum that i'm gonna go to after dark
How about Belden Place? It is a hub for the city's French American community.
Could you tell me the opening hours of The 16th Avenue Tiled Steps, please?
I'd recommend SF Plaza Hotel located at 510 Bush Street. Would you like to book a room there?
I want to go to a park in Potrero Hill
Their address is 1500 Broadway, their zip code is 94109 and their phone number is (415) 409-8226. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Hi, can you please help me find a place to go in the City?
Yes, are you able to let me know whether I can park my bike at Golden Gate Bridge?
I want a park in Presidio
Hey, can you help me find a place to stay in Union Square?
ok can you try mexican food
hello i'm planning my trip to san francisco and i was wondering there's a good museum that i could go to there
ok great can you please give me the phone number
Andrews Hotel is moderately priced, would you like the details?
Yes, how much would it cost for my son?
The zip code 94110 but there is no phone number. They do have a wikipedia page, would you like the webpage address so you can check it out?
ok ummm could you book two rooms uhhh from tuesday night for two nights
Are you interested in seeing Dragon Gate?
Pier 39 is the most popular landmark in Fisherman's Wharf.
uhhh bummer uhhh all right how about one that serves uhhh just plain bar food
I have found four North Beach hotels for you. Do you have a preference as far as price range or hotel rating?
interesting let's see the museum of three d. illusions can you uhhh help me get the zip code
I have several hotels that fit that criteria. Would you like a cheap or moderately priced hotel?
Do the Washington Square Inn's staff speak Japanese?
hi could you please suggest me an art museum in soma
The museum is good for kids; and the address is 736 Mission Street.
Hi. I'm interested in finding a Zoo in the Lakeshore area.
Unfortunately there are no expensive hotels with two stars in Chinatown but the contact information for the Grant Plaza Hotel is as follows: 465 Grant Ave, San Francisco, CA 94108, Phone: (415) 434-3883
of course it is nine four one zero two
You could visit the Conservatory of Flowers, or the San Francisco Botanical Garden. Would you like more information about them?
Yes, I need to book two rooms in Union Square for five nights from Monday. I need a moderately priced, 4 star hotel.
Please give me more information about parking there.
Yes, can I get their address?
sure let me see what i can find for you ok so there are a variety of options one that's very popular is called hotel zelos san francisco is that something you might be interested in
No certain part of the city.
Yes, there's a place called Nick's Crispy Tacos. How does that sound?
I just need a 3-star hotel in Fisherman's Wharf. Can you tell me what my options are?
There are no restaurants in that zip code. Would you prefer a restaurant in a different zip code?
Yes, and also the phone number please.
Sounds good. I'd like to bring my bike there. Can you tell me the parking details at Tom & Jerry's?
What will be the check in time?
Yes Bar Crudo fits your criteria and the address and contact information are as follows: 655 Divisadero St, San Francisco, CA 94117, and the phone number is: (415) 409-0679.
I need a park in Fisherman's Wharf
and could you give me their phone number
All I can get for you is 4 stars. Would that be okay?
it's listed as nine four one zero seven
First I would like the hotel's zip code, price range, address and phone number.
I apologize, but there are no four star bed and breakfasts in Fisherman's Wharf. Would you like to try a different search?
I want to see landmarks at Embarcadero
Yes, could you please book it for four people for 7 o'clock tonight
Yes, the Hyatt Place San Francisco/Downtown is a cheap 3 star hotel at 701 3rd St.
Yes, Balmy Street Murals is in the area. Would you like more information about it?
I would recommend the Vallejo Street Steps. It has the flavor that your looking for.
Let's start with a place for you to stay. I have several listings. Do you have a preference for price range or star rating?
they do actually it's four one five eight three one fifty five zero zero
Hilton Parc 55 San Francisco Union Square is a moderately priced, 4 star hotel in the area. Would you like me to check your availability?
How about a hotel, if you can't find an inn?
do you know of any moderately priced ends located in Union square
I do not have a visitor's center in Fisherman's Wharf. Would you like me to look in another area?
The cheaper the better.
Is there a 5 star hotel instead
I want to see art in Union Square
excellent and do you know if they offer a military discount
I want a hotel.
Yes please. I'd like to know how much the admission fee is for the museum.
There are 11 cheap hotels in Union Square. Do you have a star range in mind?
of course they're located at five fifty north point street
The restaurant Chubby Noodle is an Asian fusion restaurant and the contact information is as follows: 570 Green Street off, Columbus Ave, San Francisco, CA 94133, (415) 296-9600.
I was not able to find any result for public market in the Civic Center area.
What sort of price range were you thinking?
Thank you, Is there a hotel in the Japantown area?
ok ummm can you give me the address uhhh the zip code and the phone number please
sure let me see if i can find you all right so one option is showing up and it's just alamo square itself
I love cajun! Can I get a reservation in advance?
Does Orange Village provide wifi for their guests?
Yes, do you want to check out Madame Tussauds San Francisco?
What area of the city would you like me to look?
yeah that's gonna be in union square
yes, show me the address, phone number, zip code please.
Madame Tussauds San Francisco is located in that region. Would you like more information?
I'd recommend the San Fransisco Zoo located at 1 Zoo Rd.
ok let me see what i can find there. all right there are quite a few options but one that people tend to enjoy is called tilden hotel is that something you might like
Can I smoke in this restaurant?
Not quite. I'd like to know the opening hours of the Cathedral, please.
Hi, Can you please help me find a nice place to visit, in Fisherman's Wharf?
The Marketplace is open weekdays from 10am to 6pm and on Saturday from 9 to 6 and Sunday 11 to 5. Can I help you with anything else?
I have the Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar. It serves New American Food. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Sure, there are a lot of options. What kind of price range would you like to look for?
Can you tell me if they have happy hour specials?
I'm sorry, they are not wheelchair accessible. Anything else that I can help you with today?
What kind of parking is there at The Glass Elevators?
Is there any shuttle service provided by the hotel?
sure let me check that availability for you sir. for two people i'm finding seven o'clock available and i've gone ahead and successfully booked that table for you
yeah let me see what i can find. i found two spots i recommend the pier market sea food restaurant
Certainly. You might enjoy the Walt Disney Family Museum, which is located in Presidio.
Hi. I need to find a hotel in Union Square.
can i get the address please
great and do they accept credit cards
perfect thanks uhhh i'm also looking for a place to stay in marina or cow hollow kind of uhhh you know maybe like a four star hotel in a moderate price range do you have any suggestions there
Can I go there if I'm in a wheelchair?
I can help with that. We have 11 hotels in Union Square do you have a star preference?
I would like to go to a church in Fillmore
Do they have high chairs?
Does the hotel have any meeting facility?
all right let me check that for you okay so there is one option it is called the palace of fine arts is that something you would be interested in
Is it moderately priced?
How about Twin Peaks park? Would that sound good?
I recommend Courtyard by Marriott San Francisco Union Square, Handlery Union Square Hotel, Hotel Abri Union Square, Inn at Union Square, a Greystone Hotel and Marines' Memorial Club & Hotel Union Square.
Unfortunately there is nothing that matches that criteria.
perfect thank you and could you check the availability for two rooms from tuesday for three nights
What time does Gregangelo's Velocity Arts & Entertainment open each day? And when does it close?
Not right now, but do they allow smoking?
I want to go to a social club in Union Square
that's a great question so i'm not finding any businesses here so i do not see any military discount offered
There's Tom and Jerry's House on 12st St. would you like to try that?
I would like a hotel with a three star rating, preferably either in the expensive or moderate range.
The zip code is 94102.
No, I am not asking about a place to stay right now. I want to see landmarks in Chinatown.
They are located at 781 Beach St. Can I help you with something else?
ok ummm let's try the s. w. ummm do they have uhhh guest parking facility
During the month of March. I am also wanting it to have some local flavor.
ok perfect do you know if they accept credit cards
yeah let me see what's available looks like seven p. m. is available and i've successfully booked that table for you with the code being w. o. eight b. t. x.
great thanks ummm can you also check if it's a good place for kids
Certainly, the phone number is (415) 447-5000 and the zip code is 94109.
Are those attractions focused on art?
ok no problem so i'm finding just one location it's a little expensive if that's all right it's called fairmont of san francisco
Would you like New American or Traditional?
sure let me see what i can find for you. ok so two options are showing up one is called good hotel and the second one is rams hotel
hey i'm uhhh planning to visit san francisco uhhh i'm looking for a zoo
sure let me go ahead and see if it's listed here. all right so unfortunately they don't have their phone number listed with us
Sure, their address is 752 Jackson St
Could you give me the phone number please?
ok no problem i actually find exactly one location with all those attributes and it's called swan oyster depot it's in nob hill area they serve seafood and they're moderately priced
Hi. I'm looking for a zoo or park in Sherwood Forest, San Francisco.
China Beach is located at 490 Sea Cliff Ave and its phone is (415) 561-4323.
do you know if they offer the baggage storage for guests
what's their zip code and phone number
There aren't any cheap union square motels, but i found 2 hostels- hotel san francisco and san francisco downtown hostel. Do you need more info or can i book one of these?
Hmmmm, what about a park in the area?
Sorry, there are no Inns fitting those specifics. How else may I help you?
That's called the Franciscan Crab Restaurant. Would you like to reserve a table at that one?
ok uhhh there is one place in japantown called the hotel kabuki is that something that would interest you
I think so. Is parking available at Municipal Pier?
Hi, I'm looking for an art museum in San Francisco.
Could you also tell me the details of parking my car at the Ferry Building Marketplace?
Yes, the phone number is (415) 357-4000 and the zip code is 94103. Can I help you with anything else?
They have a three star rating.
That sounds great, can I get their address?
Could I also get the phone number?
Hi, Can you please help me find a nice place to go in Sea Cliff?
Hidden Garden Steps is an Inner Sunset art attraction. Would you like to know more about it?
I would prefer some type of landmark.
Can you give me the name and zip code for the aquarium?
zip code nine four one zero two
Yes, I have one here for you it's the Axiom Hotel.
Yes, I would like it to be a Art Museum if possible.
hey I'm looking for a park in Russian Hill and particularly one with some restaurants nearby
oh ok ummm can you change ummm maybe look anywhere in the city
I have one result. Check out The 16th Avenue Tiled Steps.
Hi, I'm looking to go to a zoo in Alamo Square San Francisco, if they don't have a zoo can you recommend a Park?
it's got four stars
uhhh does the city hall have free wi-fi access
What is the pricing? I need a cheap place.
The address is Pier 39, Ste 103. The zip code is 94133. Is there anything else you want to know?
ummm we could we could go on a little early uhhh do they have availability monday
Are there any 3 star expensive hotels?
sure let me go and look that . all right so it is available so i can go ahead and book you two seperate rooms for this coming tuesday for three nights
Coit tower opens at 10 am everyday. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Phone number is (415) 750-3600 and address is 100 34th Avenue
Yes, the Orchard Garden Hotel and the SW Hotel both fit your requirements. Which one would you like?
Dolores Park has street parking available. Can I help with anything else?
May I please get your name for the reservation?
that's a great question let me see which one does and it looks like the holiday inn express has twenty four hour front desk
They are open from 10 am to 5 pm on Friday through Sunday. Can I help with any more information?
The address is 2301 20th St
Can you tell me what time the Cable Car Museum opens at?
I have many options in that area is there a price range or star rating of preference?
What are the opening hours like at Ferry Building Marketplace?
that's fine and do they accept apple pay
I've found Bulgara, which serves Mediterranean food. Does that sound good to you?
Great, can you also help me find a landmark attraction in NoPa?
The Cathedral opens at 9:30 in the morning from Monday to Friday. Any other questions?
can you tell me about somewhere nice to stay near Union square
yeah in the san francisco area there's plenty of landmarks but one i recommend is called camera obscura
There are several. What star rating would you prefer?
The cost of admission The Flyer in San Francisco is $25 for adults and $16 for children. Does it work for you?
could you please give me the zip code and phone number for that location please
That sounds great. Can I have their phone number?
I'll go with the Hotel Bijou. Can you tell me if their rooms are heated?
How about Fillmore?
I would like a moderately priced 4 star Motel please
yeah that sounds that sounds interesting uhhh what's the zip code of that beach
Can you give me the number to the Cheesecake Factory?
I would like a moderate price range.
and what's the zip code
I want to see landmarks in Embarcadero
Thanks. Is there bike parking at Ina Coolbrith Park?
I'm trying to locate an art museum in Russian Hill.
Hi. I need to find a moderately priced Inn to stay in Union Square.
Then you'll want the Fog Harbor Fish House. Can I make you a reservation?
How about Fitzgerald Hotel Union Square, which is in the moderate price range? They have a room available for your dates, if you'd like me to book it for you.
I would like a moderately priced 3 star hotel.
Yes, they are a moderate price range. Would you like to make a reservation?
I need a park in Potrero Hill.
Are there any amusement parks available in Fisherman's Wharf?
uhhh all right bummer no worries ummm you know i'm gonna need a place to stay too can you help me find a say a two star motel in the same area in i dunno the cheap price range
There a lot of lodging options in Chinatown. Can you give me a price range you have in mind?
ok do you know if i need an appointment to go there
Is there parking available at McKinley Square Park Foundation?
The address for Pier 33 is 31 San Francisco Pier 33 - Alcatraz Island 94124.
ok do you have an address for pier thirty nine including the zip code
Well, I have The Rotunda, which is a tea room in the expensive price range. Is that of interest to you?
What is the price range?
uhhh that's excellent that's excellent does the academy of sciences have wheelchair access
let me see here ok so it lists the attire as casual
Yes, the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art is nearby. Does that interest you?
sure let's see here. all right so there's one place called the wharf inn that has no age restriction
Does the Alpha Inn and Suites offer free wifi for guests?
hi i'm planning a trip to san francisco and i'd like to go some place that is a landmark
I want to see the local flavor of Pacific Heights
There are no places to stay there. What about a surrounding area?
sure here it's being listed as a local flavor
Its address is 225 San Leandro Way and its zip code is 94127.
yeah let me go and see what i can find for you
ok ummm what's the name of the landmark
sure i'd be happy to help you out with that i'm finding two spots one's called embarcadero waterfront and the other is embarcadero public promenade
Thanks, and what breakfast options do they offer?
ok. sure that zip code is nine four one three three
Yes, there is City Lights Bookstore in Chinatown.
There are many hotels to choose from. What is your price range?
Thanks! Do I need to pay any admission fee for the Welcome Center?
great do you know if they accept google pay there
What about a park?
Great, now could you tell me whether there are parking options available at Ferry Building Marketplace?
Does the Europa Hotel have airport shuttle service at their location?
Thanks, is it wheelchair accessible?
There is a Cheesecake Factory in the area. Would you like more information?
Yes, try looking in the type of Park. Do provide me with the address.
Golden Gate Bridge Welcome Center is located in Presidio.
can you find a place with no age restriction
sure let me check that for you. ok so the database doesn't specify whether they have an age restriction or not ummm is that something that you need
I'm looking for a museum in Nob Hill that I can visit.
Can you give me their exact address please?
Sure, their address is at Pier 39.
I'd recommend the Chateau Tivoli Bed and Breakfast located at 1057 Steiner Street, Alamo Square. What day would you like your reservation?
Is there any museum also in that area?
Try to find a place that serves Cantonese food instead.
I'm looking for a dining establishment in Union Square because I'm heading to San Francisco.
Certainly. What type of place in particular are you interested in visiting?
Do they accept AMEX?
Can you let me know when Coit Tower opens every day?
I want to go to a park in Presidio
that's a great question looking at their site i don't see anything available for parking
Yes, there are over a dozen. Is there a street you would like to stay on?
There are three different bike rental companies, with locations throughout the city. In what area of the city do you want to rent a bike?
definitely it's nine four one two two
I have nearly 20 selections for you to choose from. Perhaps you'd enjoy staying at Hilton Parc 55 San Francisco Union Square?
I want hotel with a star of 3.
It is cheap priced. Do you want to keep looking?
How about Cable Car Hotel for the hotel and Cable Car - California Street Line for the attraction? Do let me know if you need more info.
The Cathedral of Saint Mary of the Assumption is a popular attraction in Fillmore. Would you like more information about it?
heh ok do you what the charges for wi-fi in this hotel
Is The Park Tavern wheelchair accessible?
Gregangelo's Velocity Arts & Entertainment is a good one
door address is four nine five geary street
sure let me see if there is a spot you know what not in fisherman's wharf
I recommend the Aquarium of the Bay in North Beach/Telegraph Hill
There is one result, the Petite Auberge, which has 3 stars.
There is one location called the Petite Auberge in the area. Do you need any more information about it?
The ticket price at the de Young is 15 dollars for adults and children enter free. Can I answer any more questions for you?
Do they have any guided tour at the Cathedral?
Is there a restaurant near this place?
ok for the cable car ummm could you give the address and the attraction type
hmmm ok ummm can i please get the address
yeah phone number is four one five seven zero five one five zero zero and their zip code is nine four one zero eight
There are several very popular parks in San Francisco. Do you have a specific area you would like me to suggest?
Ok, can you recommend one in moderate price range?
Can I get the phone number to the alley?
There are 22 total choices to select from. Andrews Hotel, for instance, is located at 624 Post Street with a phone number of (415) 563-6877.
ok all right ummm is do they have a phone number i could call
sure did you want for both of them
Yes, can I get the phone number of Pier Market Seafood Restaurant?
That would be 94109. How else may I assist you now?
in russian hill as far as motels that are cheap i'm not finding anything in the two star range i'm sorry
Yes I would like the address.
I'm sorry, I can't locate a phone number for them.
ok can you tell me what the star rating is for this and the zip code
sure the address for s. w. hotel is six one five broadway
ok oh and i wanted to ask do they uhhh do they offer military discounts
Their phone number is (415) 357-4000. Any other question?
i'm not finding any expensive places in that area for pizza is there something else i can check for you
ummm is there any hotel instead
Do you know if the rooms are heated?
Cool. What are the opening hours at the museum, please?
hi uhhh i'm travelling to san francisco and i'm wondering if you could help me find a moderately priced barbecue place in the presidio heights neighborhood
Can you find an art museum in Fisherman's Wharf for me?
I would prefer a motel.
There are several options but one of the most popular is Coventry Inn and the address and phone number is as follows: 1901 Lombard Street, San Francisco, CA 94123, (415) 567-1200.
uhhh let me try the rooster and rice can you get me the phone number for rooster and rice
The address is 10 Bernal Heights Blvd and the zip code is 94110.
The Corridor Restaurant does have a happy hour. Would you like me to give you the times the Corridor Restaurant is open?
Moderate please and a 3 star rating.
Yes, what is the address and zip code?
Is it in the moderate price range?
Thanks, do they offer outdoor dining?
I would like to find an attraction to visit in the Presidio area.
Yes, I'm looking for moderately priced restaurants near there.
I think Grant Plaza Hotel would be perfect for you, would you like more information?
Can you find me an American restaurant in that case?
Is there a specific type of park that you are looking for?
Could you tell me how much I would pay to get into the Cartoon Art Museum?
ummm yeah actually i'm looking for places to stay in the same area of presidio with uhhh ummm with some moderate prices preferably a hotel
There are no hotels there. What about another beach area?
Sure, I can book you a table at The Progress.
sure so i'm showing just one location with all those attributes i found a buena vista motor inn in the marina and it's cheap with a two star rating
Yes please, and the ZIP code.
2 stars, please.
I want to stay somewhere expensive.
I'm not sure, but I will need to know the zip code when you find it for me.
ok all right there are two options one is called orchard garden hotel and the second is s. w. hotel
The Park Tavern serves gastropub style food. Can I reserve a table for you?
Please look for a landmark that is in North Beach/Telegraph Hill
Can I get the phone number instead?
Great. Do they provide any concierge service for guests?
That zip code is 94109. Is there anything else I can do for you?
that's that would be perfect perfect and can you get me the zip code for that location please
Sure, there are plenty of options. Did you have a price range in mind?
What about Sessions at the Presidio?
I found Andrews Hotel. It has a three star rating. Are you interested in more details about this?
Sure, there are a few options. How does Magowan's Infinite Mirror Maze sound?
Hi! Can you help me book a 3 star hotel in Union Square please?
Great, you'll be able to rent at Bay City Bike Rentals and Tours. Would you like me to get the address for you?
great and could you give me the zip code and phone number for the hyde street pier
oh ok ummm what's the what what area is that in
hi uhhh i'm looking for landmark to go to in fisherman's wharf ummm do you have any recommendations
sure i'm finding quite a few locations in inner richmond but i know of a great spot it's called cinderella bakery and cafe
I would like to stay in Chinatown at a cheap bed and breakfast that is rated two stars.
The Axiom Hotel matches your search criteria and the address and phone number is as follows: 28 Cyril Magnin Street, San Francisco, CA 94102, (415) 392-9466.
I would like a moderately priced hotel
I found Chancellor Hotel on Union Square, is 3 star and is close to the museum.
Great, is there any restaurant onsite?
I was hoping to find a place to hike.
Hi there. I'm looking for lodging and a place to go in Twin Peaks while I'm in San Francisco.
The View Lounge is a tapas restaurant in Union Square.
Bay City Bike Rentals and Tours are located in the Haight and rent bikes, their number is (415) 346-2453, can I help with anything else?
I want to go to an art museum in San Francisco
Thank you. Also the phone number please?
There are a large number of options in the Union Square area. What kind of price range are you interested in?
Grant Hotel is a moderately priced hotel in Union Square
let me check that for you. ok so unfortunately it says that is not good for groups here
Yes and the price range is cheap.
I have two listings. The de Young at 50 Hagiwara Tea Garden Dr, and the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art at 151 3rd St. Would you like the phone numbers?
their phone number is listed as four one five four four one three thousand
The address is 28 Cyril Magnin Street and the phone is (415) 392-9466. Are you interested in booking?
What does it cost for admission at Cartoon Art Museum?
Does the Axiom Hotel offer airport shuttle service?
geary street and then the zip code
Sure, but I'll be on my bike. Is there any bike parking facility at Lombard Street?
I would like to stay somewhere at Fisherman's Wharf that is cheap and has a 2-star rating.
Their phone number is (415) 983-8030. What else can I help you with today?
ummm is there anything four star range
oh ok ummm cool do you do you have the phone number listed for that
I'm looking for a moderately priced cocktail bar in the North Beach
No dogs are allowed here. Would you still like to visit?
Do they require a reservation?
What does it cost to get into 7D Experience?
It should be cheap and have only 1 star.
certainly sir i'd be happy to help you out with that i'm finding two locations one's called kin khao and the other one's rooster and rice which would you like
I'm sorry, I did not get back any results for that search.
Do you have a more specific area to help the search?
Can you look for a landmark in the same area?
I want to see a garden in Bernal Heights.
ok sure let me go ahead and see if i can find something there all right unfortunately nothing is popping up as a zoo would something else work for you instead
Bernal Heights Park is the only park in Bernal Heights, would you like more details?
yeah let me see what i can find ok so there's one option called boba guys
Yes, there are a large number of moderately priced hotels in Union Square. Club Donatello is a 4 star hotel located at 501 Post Street.
Yes, you can visit Cathedral of Saint Mary of the Assumption.
Could you tell where a nice beach would be?
ok thank you can i get the phone number and the address please
What does it cost to get in to the Conservatory of Flowers?
The zip code is 94607 and the address is 1000 Oak Street.
Is Presidio Parkway Inn in the cheap price range?
Uh, ok. Can you tell me the zip code of this place?
There will be 5 of us, but can you give me the address for Gentilly?
What zip code is the restaurant in?
hi i was wondering if you can help me find a ummm hotel that's moderately priced in fisherman's wharf
I have a listing for HI San Francisco Downtown Hostel that is rated 3 stars. Would you like me to proceed with booking?
great can you help me reserve a table for two people uhhh today at seven p. m.
Yes, I'd like to know the parking details at Embarcadero Waterfront.
What about Magowan's Infinite Mirror Maze? You can find it at Pier 39.
Hi , Can you please help me find a nice place to stay in Union Square?
Im looking more for a moderate Motel with a 2 star rating.
How about the HI San Francisco Downtown Hostel, which has a 3 star rating?
cool all right ummm i'll be uhhh bike commuting while i'm in the area did is there a place i can uhhh park my bike there
is the are the rooms heated
I want to get food in North Beach
Lombard Street sounds interesting. Is this place good for kids?
thank you and can you also please check if the rooms are heated there
Yes, the zip code is 94133 and their phone number is (415) 928-1849. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Fisherman's Wharf has Pier 39 in the area. Would you like the address?
What is the zipcode, please?
Hi, Can you help me find a nice place to eat in Russian Hill, that offers Sanwiches?
Are there any hostels in Union square that aren't dirt cheap?
Does the hotel accept Discover?
the uhhh is there car parking nearby
I want to see local flavor in San Francisco
sure uhhh i'm happy to find something for you and just the area of chinatown has a lot of local flavor i recommend going there
Can you give me the confirmation for the booking?
I'm looking for places I can visit like a visitor center in Civic Center.
Tell me if their rooms are heated.
Do you know if they have any parking facility?
I'm sorry, there aren't any museums in Fisherman's Wharf. Would you like me to search another neighborhood?
I want to go to a zoo in San Francisco
What is the availability for bike parking at Pier 33?
Great, can you tell me what the phone number is for Buena Vista Motor Inn, and then book two rooms from Wednesday for one night?
ok let's see all right there's one option called the bistro at the cliff house is that something you'd be interested in
Hi, Can you help me find a nice place to stay in Union Square?
Could i get the hotel with a four star rating?
Can I get a phone number for the landmark?
ok nine four one zero nine all right ummm you know i'll be traveling with uhhh my laptop does leopold's have free wi-fi
Yes, they are focused on art.
yeah definitely in san francisco there's two art museums i know of the de young museum or the s. f. moma museum of modern art which i really recommend
yeah it's four one five four two one twenty four forty two
I have the Hogwash. It is in the moderate price range. Would you like more information?
I'd recommend the Ferry Building Marketplace located at 1 Ferry Bldg.
Exploratorium is in Embarcadero. Would you like their address?
When does Pier 39 open and when does it close?
The zip code for Hinodeya Ramen Bar is 94115.
yeah of course the address is listed as three three two four seventeenth street
ok uhhh what what zip code is that
The phone number of the Argonaut Hotel is as follows: (415) 563-0800.
Bernal Heights Park is located near the restaurant.
Yes, Dolores Park and Seward Street Slides are in Castro. Would you like more information?
Hello. Can you please help me find a landmark to visit in Presidio?
Sure, I need to know how much it costs to get into San Francisco Zoo.
Do you prefer modern or classical arts?
Yes, I'd like to know the admission cost for the Exploratorium.
ok let me go ahead and see what's listed there all right we do have one option showing up it's called sessions at the presidio
I found several hotels in Union Square. Is there a price range you're looking for?
They have a ZIP code of 94102. May I look up anything else for you?
I found Hyde Street Pier for you in Fisherman's Wharf
sure let me see what's available in that area. for moderate price range i'm finding several locations how about the hotel riu plaza in fisherman's wharf
Yes, I'd like an Italian restaurant in that same area.
Actually, I apologize, there are no art museums in Fillmore either. I can give you the location of an art museum in SoMa.
Yes, give me the address for Conservatory of Flowers.
I'd like to go to an art museum in San Francisco
Are their any aquariums then?
Unfortunately, none of them are in the cheap price range but Argonaut Hotel, Hotel Riu Plaza, Hotel Zoe, Hyatt Centric, and Marriott are all moderately priced.
Price range is not an issue. Please recommend me the best local flavor there.
hi there i'm planning to go to san francisco next week ummm is there a zoo i can go to in lakeshore
Can you find me a restaurant in that area that serves Burmese food?
There are no parks in Presido, can I look in a different area for you?
ok uhhh do you know can you get me their address
How about Californios, it serves Mexican food.
What time does the Golden Gate Bridge Welcome Center open each day?
Sure, there are two, the Hyde line and the Mason line. Do either of these appeal to you?
I need a motel in Fisherman's Wharf
cool all right ummm you know while i'm in the the same area i'm trying to find uhhh a mod say a moderately priced uhhh himalayan nepalese restaurant
Do you know their zip code?
you know what looking at the museum website it does not appear that they allow dogs i'm sorry
Any of the hotels in moderate range with 3 stars?
San Francisco Marriott Union Square is 4 stars!
uhhh that'll work perfectly could you give me the address please
do they serve breakfast
Hi, can you please help me find a Visitor Center in the Marina/Cow Hollow area?
Coqueta is an expensive one.
perfect and ummm after i go there is there any chance there's kind of a museum or place to go around there
Hi, Can you please help me find to go in Union Square, with some local flavor?
OK, what is the admission fee at the San Francisco Botanical Garden?
Grant Plaza Hotel is a cheap hotel option in Chinatown.
I'd recommend the Golden Gate Bridge Welcome Center located at the Golden Gate Bridge.
Do they have free wi-fi available there?
Unfortunately I do not see any museums in the Chinatown area. Do you have another location in mind?
Do you know if they have any happy hour special?
What ratings are you considering?
yes of course it's four fifty hayes street
The Inn on Broadway is a cheap, 2 star motel. I've successfully booked your room, the confirmation code is BQYLM9. Can I help you with anything else?
What is the address of that location?
No gardens, but the Legion of Honor museum is in Sea Cliff. Does that interest you?
Can you get the opening hours of Twin Peaks too?
I recommend the Twin Peaks Hotel, which is cheap and has two stars.
I would like to find an attraction to visit in Presidio.
I'd like a 1 star hostel please.
Excellent, could you also tell me when the Pier 39's opening hours are?
Would you be interested in visiting the Dragon Gate?
Great. Is there parking available?
I'm looking for a local attraction while in the Presidio in San Francisco.
How about from Thursday for 4 nights?
The Argonaut Hotel has a 4 star rating. Would you like to make a reservation?
of course their phone number is four one five six five five nine four one three
Hi, I am looking to go to the zoo in Castro or a park if there is no zoo.
I need the phone number for Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant.
ok sure let me see what i can find for you ok there a few options here but one that is quite popular it's called the green tortoise hostel
uhhh can i get the for the yale hotel can i get the stars
When I looked again, I actually do see a Marriott option. So sorry. How about the San Francisco Marriott Union Square?
Is there a 3 star hotel anywhere in the city?
great uh how about pier market seafood restaurant could you tell me what the noise level of that restaurant is
ok so there's another one it's called coit tower is that something you'd be more interested in
and i'd like to look for a place that's a good landmark to visit
I would like a cheap 2 star hotel.
Yes, the phone number is (415) 923-9600. Your rooms have been successfully booked, the confirmation code is 3DWPAE.
I'm really looking for something in the cheap price range.
OK, and where do I park at the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art?
This hotel is in the moderate price range. Would you like me to book a room for you?
ok would it be possible for you to give me the address and phone number of this hotel
Hi. I'm looking for a good place to dine and some local attractions in the Financial District of San Francisco.
sure let me go and see there. ok so it's not specifically saying a reservation for parking but it does say that they have a private lot nearby ummm again there is no reservation needed but it does cost sixty two dollars a day there
sure let me check yes there is the haas-lilienthal house
I'm sorry. I have no access to the address of Clarion Alley. Any other questions?
Is there bike parking available at the Welcome Center?
I am not able to locate anything in the moderate price range.
ok that's ok and can i get the address the zip code and also the phone number
Sorry, I'm still looking for a landmark in Presidio. Any recommendation from the five you mentioned?
i'm unable to provide an address for the cable car but the type of attraction is that it is a cable car so it's one of those um moving cars
How about on Saturday for a 5 night stay?
I would like to go to a public market located in Embarcadero
I need an art museum in Fisherman's Wharf
Yes, the St. Regis San Francisco Hotel on Third Street is a 5-star hotel in SoMa. Would you like more information about this hotel?
sure their phone number is four one five four one two zero three eight two and the address is one telegraph hill boulevard
What are you looking for in Misssion?
third street okay and then ummm i'm gonna be bringing my dog with me on my trip you know if they allow dogs inside that museum
Does it have any restaurant onsite?
What about a hotel, do you have any of those?
Okay, is there any other 4-star hotel?
and uh is there a place somewhere to park my car at the zoo
There is one such attraction in Russian hill, The Cartoon Art Museum, which features cartoons and comics.
There is availability at Club Donatello, would you like to book your travel dates?
It's in the moderate price range.
Then I'd recommend Tanguito. Would you like a reservation?
What price range or hotel rating are you wanting to book?
Beach sounds great, can I get their address and phone number?
sure that is four one five nine eight nine eight eight nine eight and their zip code is nine four one zero eight
I want to go to a museum in Monterey Heights
Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
hi i'm looking for a place to stay that's in the moderate price range with four stars in union square
Is there somewhere to park there?
San Francisco City Hall is a landmark in the Civic Center, would you like their details?
perfect that sounds good ummm what's the check-in time
Sure! The address is 1096 Point Lobos Ave 94121.
can i book a table for seven people for thursday at around seven p. m.
In the Four star range there are a lot to chose from and include more than 20.
Are any of those hotels in the cheap or moderate price range?
The rate per day to park is 55 dollars. Would it work for you?
Can I have the zip code for the market?
sure that is gonna be one d. d. f. z. s.
yeah i've heard of coit tower also can i bring my dog to coit tower
yeah let me go ahead and check. all right nothing is showing up for that area would somewhere else work for you instead
Can you get me the bike rental rates at Bay City Bike Rentals and Tours?
I'm looking for an inexpensive place to stay in japantown.
I am sorry but there are no motels in the area. Would you like me to look for some hotel options?
Look for a bed and breakfast in the moderate price range that has a 3-star rating in Japantown.
Is there a church in the Fillmore?
yes that's fine and do they mention whether they speak chinese
Does the hotel have some facilities for guest parking?
The Embarcadero Waterfront is a lovely destination. Would you like to know more?
Can I get a zip code for that location?
hi ummm could you give me a list of famous landmarks in the lower pacific heights area
they certainly do and i can book that for you right now for two rooms for four nights and that booking is set
Sure. What's the address and phone number?
Do they have soy-free options available?
They're in the 94107 ZIP code area. May I find out anything else for you?
ohhh well i'm specifically looking for chinese food
Cartoon Art Museum would be perfect then.
There is a popular place Clarion Alley in Mission. Would you like additional details?
Hi, can you please help find a place to go out in the city?
Yes, I can do that. Give me a few minutes to process it.
The hotel has 4 stars.
Andrews Hotel is moderately priced in Union square would you like me to make a reservation?
Do they have a guest kitchen?
looking for something in the moderate price range.
I want to go the visitor center in Presidio.
Yes, Ferry Building Bike Rentals is in Embarcadero.
hmmm ok well no worries there ummm can you give me the address for that area
great can i get the confirmation number please
Sure, how about the Aquarium Of The Bay?
Does Yoda Fountain at Lucasfilm have bike parking?
What about a local flavor attraction in Inner Sunset?
yeah definitely there's a lake merced park it's located in the lake shore area
501 Post Street is the address, I have made a reservation for 5 nights from Monday for 2 rooms. KFWU17 is the confirmation number. can I help with anything else?
I need a park in San Francisco
The Walt Disney Family Museum is a popular attraction in that area. The phone number is (415) 345-6800. Would you like more information?
Can I please get the address and the zip code of the Art Museum?
I need a hotel in Marina
Hi, could you tell me about places to go in the Fisherman's Wharf?
sure the address is thirty one sixty six buchanan street and their phone number is four one five six one zero seventy fifty four
hi my name is terrance i'm looking for a restaurant for dinner in hayes valley that's uhhh expensive uhhh and serves bar food can you help me with that
definitely zip code is nine four one three three and phone number four one five four two one two three three seven
What kind of attractions interest you?
Any area of the city is fine, actually.
Hi, Can you please help me look for a place to stay in Union Square?
Would you share with me their phone number?
The Andrews Hotel is a 3 star hotel that is moderately priced. Do you want me to book a room for you?
It should be an inn with a 1 star rating.
Great, what's the name of the beach in 94109?
hi ummm can you tell me the name of a good social club in san francisco's union square
You can try the Crab House at Pier 39.
I want to go to a museum in San Francisco.
Do they have happy hour specials?
Sure, there is Ferry Building Bike. in that area.
I want to see landmarks in Balboa Terrace
The Chelsea Inn has a 2 star rating. Would you like more information?
Great, what's their address?
Will you find me an expensive restaurant in the same area?
The address is 2640 Steiner St, the phone number is not listed, but the zip code is 94115. Can I do anything else for you?
What are their zip codes and phone numbers?
ok uhhh perfect uhhh is there any landmark in the same area that i could also check out
Would you be interested in visiting Dragon Gate? It is a Chinatown landmark.
I need a hotel in Union Square
cool is there a phone number i can call just in case
Unfortunately I'm not seeing a visitor center in that area. Would you like to try a different area?
The phone number of Golden Gate Bridge Welcome Center is (415) 426-5220. What else can I do for you?
of course the zip code there is nine four one zero two
do you know of any 4 star hotels in fisherman's wharf
Yes, the rooms at Petite Auberge are air-conditioned. Would you like to go ahead and book a room now?
Bay City Bike Rentals and Tours has a location at Fisherman's Wharf. Would you like more information about them?
sure their price range is also moderate
Are there any museums in Russian Hill that you can recommend?
Pier 7 is a landmark in that area. Would you like more information?
Pier 39 is located in Fisherman's Wharf. Can I give you more information?
hmmm that sounds interesting uhhh what's the address for that uhhh bistro
Of course. The address is 1940 Lombard Street and they can be reached at (415) 527-0732.
That's fine as long as they accept AMEX.
nine four one zero two uhhh what's the phone nuber
uhhh also uhhh can you check if this place is wheelchair accessible
I found several hotels, what about the Comfort Inn By the Bay Hotel San Francisco? Would you like more information?
sure i'll be happy to help with that i'm noticing one park in russian hill and it's called ina coolbrith park
ok what about restaurants in pacific heights that have sandwiches
Do you know whether I'll be able to park my car at Balmy Street Murals?
I want to go to a public market in North Beach/Telegraph Hill
It doesn't matter.
I'm going to be visiting San Francisco and need some help choosing a museum for an outing.
hi i'm looking for a hotel in the tenderloin area that's moderately priced hopefully with like a three star rating
I need to go to the visitor's center in Fisherman's Wharf
The zip code is 94109. Will that work for you?
Hi. I need to find a 2 star hotel in Union Square.
Actually do you have any expensive hotels?
I'm looking for a 1 star hotel in North Beach.
There are several moderately priced 4 star hotels in the area. Any particular brand preference?
awesome and if you could go ahead and book a table for two people at seven p. m. it'd be much appreciated
I would like to find a place to stay in the Castro area of San Francisco.
definitely their address is one harding road and their zip code is nine four one three two
Yes, Dolores Park is located at 19th & Dolores St. Is there any other information you would like about the park?
of course they're located at one doctor carlton b. goodlett place and their zip code is nine four one zero two
Sure, their phone number is (415) 781-0721. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Does the Argonaut Hotel have a kitchen that guests can use?
Can you help me find a place to go in San Francisco?
Yes, what is the phone number please?
Sure, the San Francisco Zoo is in Lakeshore. Would you like some additional information about it?
Maykadeh is a good choice if you like Persian food. Would you like to learn more or search with more specific criteria?
yeah i was also looking for the zip code and the phone number
I'm not too worried about anything other than that it's a Mediterranean place. Is that what they serve at The Rotunda?
I would prefer Fisherman's Wharf.
Thanks. Do you know if there's parking near the museum?
Can my son check-in by himself alone?
ok thank you ummm also i would uhhh like to go out to dinner and if you could find a place somewhere north beach telegraph hill in a moderate price range that serves noodles
There are two beaches in Sea Cliff, would you like the addresses?
Yes please book two rooms for me.
Does Presidio offer any concierge services?
I don't have any Bed and Breafast in Chinatown but there are inexpensive 2 star hotels and motels, Did you want to look into those?
First, tell me what is the cost of admission at The Flyer in San Francisco?
Where are some fun places to go in Mission?
ok sure let me go and see what i can pull up for you ok unfortunately nothing is showing up with all of those specifications is there something that i can change
What is the price range of this hotel
The only 1 star hotel available in this area is Europa Hotel. Would you like any more information?
I want to go to an arcade in Fishermans Wharf
I want to go to the public market in Russian Hill
yeah i'd like to try it can you get the phone number please
Sure, can you tell me when the San Francisco Dungeon's opening hours are?
I need a hotel in North Beach.
Hi , Can you help me locate a nice place to stay in North Beach?
Can I confirm the zip code so I know it's in the correct location?
The price range is moderate. Would you like to make a reservation?
There are no amuseument parks in Embarcadero. Would you like me to try a different area?
how about coit tower is that location dog friendly
they're both three stars
you know that's a good question i don't see that specifically listed but i'm seeing a lot of businesses at this location so i would assume so
uhhh does corridor allow dogs
do they have a kitchen available for guests
Can I have the confirmation number?
can you tell me if they offer delivery
I'm not looking for a place to eat. I'm looking for a moderately priced hotel in Fisherman's Wharf. Do you have any recommendations?
I have 5 listings. Do you have a preference of star rating or price range?
great i was wondering if you could also help me find uhhh temple in the same area so we could do after lunch on sunday
Taboun's address is 203 Parnassus Ave.
it's going well thank you so much for asking
Sure, when do you want your reservation and for how many guests?
Probably. Does anyone there speak French?
The zip code for Hyde Street Pier is 94109.
sure let me go ahead and check if that's listed anywhere all right so it definitely says that it's good for kids here
great ummm is there a facility nearby where i can park my bike
Yes, what's their ZIP code?
What is the check-in time for the Four Seasons?
There are no zoos in the area but I did find two parks, one called Dolores Park and the other which is Seward Street Slides.
And what time does City Lights Bookstore open every day?
Any area is fine, but I'll be staying in Potrero hill.
You can check out Filbert Steps, Fisherman's Wharf or North Beach.
I would like to go to a museum.
uhhh well we're splurging how about something more in a moderate price range
Yes, is there wheelchair accessibility at Seward Street Slides?
Does anyone in the hotel speak Spanish?
Yes, please find a 3 star hotel.
Yes, what time does the Randall Museum open each day?
Yeah, how about a hotel that has three stars?
Do they have any restaurant or bar onsite?
Im sorry there are no parks in Emarcadero.
Sure I see a Contemporary Jewish Museum. Will that suit your needs?
thank you and uhhh i'm also looking for art museums in the area
OK, what time does San Francisco City Hall open each morning?
Yes what is the phone number and zip code?
Can you please find a hostel anywhere in the city for me?
Could you recommend a place to stay in Fisherman's Wharf?
There are 10 attractions in the Presidio area. What type of attraction are you interested in?
all right i'm able to pull up one location and it's called the san francisco zoo
Yes, the Exploratorium is in Embarcadero, as is the Exploratorium After Dark. May I tell you more about it?
I would Mediterranean and in the moderate price range.
great can i just uhhh can i book two rooms for monday uhhh for three nights
ok so on my own that works ummm is there a place that i can eat somewhere near there as well ummm probably moderate price range that maybe has dance club food
of course the phone number is four one five seven eight one five five five five with the zip code nine four one zero eight
There are many hotels that meet that criteria. Would you like to narrow it down by the price range?
A Sandwich sounds good.
I would like to book a table on Sunday at an expensive restaurant in Dogpatch, one that serves wine bar style food.
That sounds good. Can I have their address and phone number?
Is this museum free to visit?
at six it looks to be really busy time is there a different time i can check
How about a bookstore in the same area?
Can you please give me the address to the landmark?
ok alright there's one in bernal heights called the front porch how's that
I recommend Fog Harbor Fish House. How does that sound to you?
I'm looking for a mid-priced room and American restaurant near the Civic Center in San Francisco.
Hi, is there are art museums around Fisherman's Wharf?
I want to see some local flavor in Inner Sunset
Sure, the phone is (415) 563-6877	and this is the addres 624 Post Street
Hi, Would you help me please find a place to stay in Union Square?
There are many. Do you have a preferred star rating to help narrow down your choices?
The cable car is located at Powell and Market St.
perfect uhhh what's the zip code and address of that hotel
are you aware of any local flavor in North Beach or telegraph Hill
The Petite Auberge is in the moderate price range. It has 3 stars. Would you like more information?
Yes, I'd like to book a table for 9 on Friday at 12:30 pm.
sure ok let me go and search that. ok so i'm able to pull up a couple of options one is the presidio itself and then the other is torpedo wharf which one do you think you might like
There are no art museums but there is Exploratorium museum, would that interest you?
I have a listing for Lombard Plaza Motel, rated one star, on Lombard street. Would you like the phone number?
Unfortunately there are no public markets in North Beach.
It doesn't matter which neighborhood it is in. Can you please recommend the best 3 star hotel?
Hi, what are the best places to see art in San Francisco?
What about Painted Ladies? It's just a few block away from NoPa.
Can you find out if they have bike parking there and give me the details?
so i'm not seeing that listed here on their page
No, they are actually a 2 star motel. Shall I look again for you?
Sure, the address is 515 Mason Street, Union Square 94102
Hi, Please help me find a nice place to stay in Union Square?
Prubechu has a zip code of 94110 and the phone number is (415) 853-0671.
Sure, I'll be happy to look for you. Is there a specific type of attraction you're interested in?
Great. Do you know any French speaking staffs will be there?
Great, do they offer wifi for guests?
When would you like to go?
The address for Alamo Square is Steiner St Hayes St.
No it would be fine. Could you confirm if they accept Google pay as payment?
uhhh how about a hotel
Can you tell me if there's bike parking available at The 16th Avenue Tiled Steps?
The ZIP code there is 94109. Would you like to know more?
of course their address is listed as ten ninety six point lobos avenue and their zip code is nine four one two one
I suggest the Hotel Bijou on Mason Street. Would you like me to book you a room?
so i do not have an address but their zip code is nine four one zero nine
uh does tomorrow work
Can I get the phone number for that?
What landmarks are there in San Francisco?
I want to know first if they have daily housekeeping.
How about Twin Peaks Hotel, it is very affordable.
Sounds good. I will also be needed a place to stay in that area. Something cheap like a hostel with a 1 star rating.
Yes please, I'd prefer 5 stars.
What type of cuisine are you most interested in?
ok cool ummm do you know by any chance if they have any restaurants on site at the fairmont
The zip code for Club Donatello is 94102.
Club Donatello has 4 stars.
unfortunately i'm unable to find that out for you in my database i'm sorry
Can you tell me what kind of parking is available at Bernal Heights Park?
Yes, can you get me their phone number?
Does Taboun accept Discover?
Some sort of Asian fusion food
The address for 16th Avenue Tiled Steps is Moraga St. between 15th & 16th Ave. May I help you with anything else?
do they accept AMEX there?
There are quite a few cheap accommodations in the Tenderloin area. I recommend Warfield Hotel. This is a cheap 3-star hotel in Tenderloin.
ok that's fine ummm i'm also looking for a beer bar in the same area that's you know moderately priced ummm can you give me some uhhh recommendations for that
I have several results. What about JW Marriott San Francisco Union Square?
Is there a place to park my car there?
yeah let me see if there is. it doesn't appear to have any bed and breakfast in the presidio area
the phone number is four one five four one two zero three eight two
The address and zip code for Golden Gate Hotel is 775 Bush Street, Union Square and 94108.
How many stars does it have?
It's located at 490 Sea Cliff Ave, 94121.
Are there any hotels with 5 stars in Japantown?
What's the zip code?
Yes, how does the Oakland Museum of California sound to you?
I would like the address too.
No, the Balmy Street Murals do not have a phone number. They do have an address, though; they are located at 1-100 Balmy St. Is there anything else I can help you with?
definitely i'm finding one spot for mexican food it's called the taco shop at underdogs
I have a Hyatt membership. Is there any Hyatt hotel there?
Do they have any dry cleaning facility available for guests?
Help me get a cheap motel in Marina.
Dakota Hostel and Hotel has 2 stars.
i want someplace with 4 stars.
yeah go ahead
Yes, can you find me a moderately priced Chinese restaurant in Chinatown please?
phone numberis four one five seven seven five four seven zero zero
their zip code there is nine four one zero three
Hi! I'm looking for a place to go in Corona Heights.
Club Donatello has 4 stars and is in the moderate price range. Would you like more information?
Does Marriott offer room service for in room dining?
I found a moderately priced hotel called Andrews Hotel that is 3 stars. Do you want more information?
I am looking for an inn in Union Square that is moderately priced and has 4 stars.
Can I get the phone number for the Green Tortoise Hostel?
There are several, do you have a preference on type or star rating?
The Balmy Street Murals, and Clarion Alley are two of the most popular landmarks. Would you like more information about them?
let me see what's available. you know i'm not finding something with those specifications
Are there any landmarks in Civic Center?
Hi! I would like to go to an art attraction in the Fisherman's Wharf.
Do they have high chairs available?
Of course, the number is (415) 426-5220. May I help you with anything else?
you know in the russain hill area i'm not finding an a himalayan nepalese spot
sure let me see what i can find for you all right so there are a variety of options two of them that are very popular are ripley's believe it or not and the walt disney family museum
Great. What is the admission fee for the zoo?
ok let me check that for you ok so it doesn't specify in our database if they do or if they don't so i'm not sure
can you tell me about the parks in Russian Hill?
Will someone in a wheelchair be able to access the McKinley Square Park Foundation?
ok and do they have a happy hour
Yes I would like a 2 star motel please.
ok let me go ahead and see what i can find all right no aquariums are showing up is there something else that might interest you
Hi! Can you help me find a 1 star motel in the Marina area?
Yes please include the zip code and phone number.
I would like The Flyer.
Yes, it has been successfully booked. The confirmation code is 3UTGNN. Can I help you with anything else?
Can you tell me the address and price range of the hotel?
How about a park in the Alamo Square area?
Will you provide me with the zip code of the hotel.
Yes, what time does San Francisco City Hall open?
I want to see landmarks in Union Square
yeah let me see what's available with those attributes. you know what you're in luck i found one bed and breakfast and it's called inn san francisco
Awesome, do you know whether Vallejo Street Steps has parking facilities available?
Yes, I'd like a place to dine also. is there any sports bar also in Russian Hill?
here let me check that okay so it just says that they expect um accept credit cards not specifically visa or not
What about Cathedral of Saint Mary of the Assumption?
I need to know if I'd be able to park there.
I need a hostel in Union Square
Can you provide me with their phone number and address, please?
Tom and Jerry's House is in the area and is a popular destination. Would you like more information?
Yes, can you tell me if there's parking available?
Yes, I need to book a couple of rooms for 6 nights from Friday in North Beach. I need a cheap, 1 star hotel.
Of course. There are a large number of Union Square hotels. What is the price range that you would prefer?
What area are you looking to stay in?
There is one called Pier 33 located at 31 San Francisco. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I want to rent bikes at Fisherman's Wharf
Sure, Club Donatello meets your criteria.
Yes, but first, do they have wheelchair accessibility at Pier 33?
yeah let me check that for you all right so it's not listing anywhere if they do or if they don't require appointment to visit this location
Sure, let me look up some options for you. What about Union Square Plaza Hotel?
The zip code is 94110. Is there anything else I can assist with?
Can I get the stars, phone number and address of the hotel. I need to know if theres a room for Tuesday for 3 nights as well.
Is there any specific dresscode required?
perfect do you know if there is any facility for parking my car a garage or street parking near there
Not really. I'd like to know how many stars they have though.
definitely their phone number is four one five six three three three zero zero zero
hi i'm looking for a place to go in twin peaks that has a garden
hi i'm in san francisco for the first time i'm looking for a place to go hang out in chinatown with some local flavor please
Do you have any specific price range in your mind?
Sounds fun. What are the opening hours of the museum?
I found San Francisco Museum of Modern Art in the area.
I'm really looking for something in the moderate price range. Any suggestions?
uhhh also can you check whether they allow to bring the dogs
I want to see some local flavor in Civic Center
How about FOUND Hotel San Francisco? Would you like to learn more?
sure the pier thirty nine is a great spot in fisherman's wharf
Their phone number is (415) 412-0382, can I help with anything else?
No that's fine. Can you find me cheap hotel in North Beach?
sure let me check that for you. all right so based on the data base it does not say whether they do or if they don't require an appointment to go there
ok all right so after my day of spending at the museum i think i wanna get something to eat uhhh in the outer sunset neighborhood in the moderate price range and i think i'm looking for some british food
Yes, can you search the entire city for a 3 star hotel, please?
I was able to find the Petite Auberge. It is in the moderate price range. Would you like more information?
Hi. I'm trying to find a moderately priced, 4 star hotel in Union Square.
I want an arcade in Russian Hill.
I'm sorry, but there are no beaches in Castro. Can I check a different area for you?
Do you have a type of food in particular you are looking for?
I really like Kin Khao. Would you like to set a reservation?
Does Wyndham Presidio San Francisco have a restaurant on the property?
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant that has sports bar.
No thanks, but instead, could you tell me what the business hours are for City Lights Bookstore?
Hotel Boheme is a 3-star hotel in North Beach. Would you like me to make a reservation?
I want to know what the parking details are at Ina Coolbrith Park.
ok let's see all right they do offer private parking here and it costs seventy dollars a day
Does the Hyatt offer elevator for guests?
Tony's Pizza Napoletana is a solid choice. Would you like to reserve a table or learn more about them?
Yes, could you let me know what my parking options are going to be at Pier 33?
Then Nick's Crispy Tacos is where you'll want to go. Can I give you the address?
Great, do you know when Alamo Square opens for business?
Admission is $23 for adults, and $17 for children. Would you like me to do anything else?
Is bike parking available at the Legion of Honor?
i see ummm do they accept google pay
Yes, The Axiom Hotel offers baggage storage at the front desk. Would you like to go ahead and book a room?
uhhh great can you get the phone number for me
I'm looking for local flavor attractions.
Hi, can you please help me find a nice place to go in Fisherman's Wharf?
sure i found just one spot and it's called corridor restaurant
ok let me see here. all right so one option does show up it's called the contemporary jewish museum
Ok, the phone number is (415) 561-4323 and the zip code is 94129. Is there anything else I can help you with?
mmm camera obscura do you know if camera obscura accepts google pay
I would recommend Clarion Alley. It has the local flavor that your looking for. Would you like more info?
Yes, there are two: the Hyde line and the Mason line. Would you like more information about either of those?
ok great ummm can i get the zip code on the first one
What about the address and zip code?
And what is the admission cost at Museum Of 3D Illusions?
Hi, Would you help me look for a nice place to stay in North Beach?
I recommend The Wharf Inn for you. Are you interested in any details?
Yes, what's the fee for admission at Madame Tussauds San Francisco?
Hi, can you please help me find a place to visit in the city?
The price range for Hotel Kabuki is moderate.
Is the Grant Plaze Hotel a two star place? What would be the price range?
all right there are quite a few options the one of them that is pretty popular is called the clift royal sonesta san francisco how's that work for you
Do they offer vegan options?
Yes, Ferry Building Marketplace is a public market located in Embarcadero. Would you like the address?
What is the rental cost at Bay City Bike Rentals and Tours?
do you uhhh can you share the address and zip code for that same
yeah that'd be great
How much does the wifi cost?
I'd also like a place to stay in Russian Hill, preferable to motel that's cheap.
There are many museums to see in San Francisco. Do you have a specific area of the city in mind?
sure let's see if that's available ok so it is available and i can now go ahead and book that for you
uhhh yeah do you know whether they offer baggage storage for their guests
Yes please. Do they offer delivery?
yeah of course let me see here all right one option that is showing up it's called the rotunda is that something you might like
Is there a place to stay in the same area too?
hi uhhh i'm looking for some recommendations in the hayes valley area specifically for a place to dine uhhh my price range is definitely more on the expensive side and i really have a taste for bar food do you have any recommendations
Hi, Can you please help me find a Bookstore in SoMa area?
I need to go to a landmark in Marina/Cow Hollow.
We will be 8 people in total. Is that place good for this large group?
Mount Davidson Park meets your criteria. Would you like to learn more?
Can you give me the address for it?
I want to see art in Inner Sunset
all right thank you ummm is there a place to go nearby a garden maybe in the same area
The hotel address is 111 Mason Street and their phone number is (415) 771-1200.
all right let me go ahead and see if either of them do. all right so neither of them specifically says if they have live music performances but they both have an average noise level and outdoor seating as well
Presidio can accept the mastercard?
Yes, the zip code is 94127 and the phone number to reach them is (415) 664-0095.
The Club Donatello does not offer extra beds in the room. Anything else?
totally i found a great spot that serves vegan food it's called the flying falafel
I will also need a place to stay in that area.
Yes, Madam Tussauds San Francisco's zip code is 94133.
ok all right that's ok ummm could you get me the address and phone number though
Sounds great, could I get Pier 33's address?
Yes, what's the phone number for Baker Beach?
OK, is Tom and Jerry's House wheelchair accessible?
What other types of Landmarks are in the North Beach/Telegraph Hill area?
Yes i need it for three nights.
Hi! Can you book me 2 rooms from Sunday for 7 nights at a moderately priced, 4 star bed and breakfast in Fisherman's Wharf?
Fisherman's Wharf has a couple cool attractions called 7D Experience and The Flyer which are both amusement parks.
sure no problem let me see what's available in the marina moderately priced i do have a place called brazen head
If you want something moderately priced I'd recommend Hunan Home's Restaurant.
I need to know how much it costs for admission to Bay City Bike Rentals and Tours
Do they accept AMEX as payment?
Unfortunately there are no museums in Chinatown. Would you like to search in a different area instead?
Any hotel with 5 stars?
Yes, please.
uhhh maybe do they uhhh do they take reservations
i'm finding they are a wheelchair accessible location yes
yeah i'd be happy to help you with that i see two locations for beaches in the presidio there is one called baker beach and one called crissy field
I need to find a place to eat in the North Beach area.
What price range would you like to stay in?
of course they're located at four four four presidio avenue their zip code is nine four one one six and they are moderately priced
I have various options in that area. Would you like to narrow it down by star rating?
yes. what is the cost of parking?
hmmm ok ummm do you know of any other parks anywhere in the city
Unfortunately there are no expensive Mediterranean restaurants in Bernal Heights. Would you like to try a different area?
of course their phone number is four one five seven eight zero one six six one
ok and what's their price ra range
Any breakfast options included?
What is the phone number for Club Donatello?
is there a hotel in that price range
Musee Mecanique is the only arcade in Fishermans Wharf, would you like the address?
ok uhhh for the san francisco zoo can you get me the address and the phone number
yeah let me go ahead and see if they have that open. all right so it is available so i can go ahead and book for six people tomorrow at seven thirty p. m. for you
Can you get me the phone number?
Magowan's Infinite Mirror Maze is an art attraction in Fisherman's Wharf, would you like their details?
Sure, and I'd like a place to stay in that area as well.
excellent thank you very much that's good to know also we're going to need to eat dinner can you recommend a restaurant in union square in the expensive price range just for american traditional food
perfect and one final consideration i will be bringing my dog with me is that allowed
Only street parking is available at this park. Can I help you with anything else today?
cool by chance do you know if that's a good place uhhh for large groups
Hyde Street Beach is the name of the beach. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Yes, i perfer moderate price range and should be a hotel with 2 stars.
This is the zip code of Fort Point 94129, no address available but here is the phone number (415) 561-4959.
Hi, I'm looking for a 2-star hotel and and any recommended place to visit in Union Square, Sanfrancisco.
Yes I could recommend Hotel Spero for you. Is that ok with you?
got it thanks do you know if they require some kind of security deposit to book a room
are there any landmark public markets in the San Francisco area
ok let's see so there's nothing today is there another day i could put instead
I'm sorry, I actually need a 3 star hotel. Are there any in that area?
yeah it's totally kid friendly
hello i'm looking for a cheap place to eat in union square that serves american traditional food
There are lots of museums in San Francisco. One is the Cable Car museum in Nob Hill. Would you like more information on that one or would you like to hear about other options?
I want to see a landmark at Fisherman's Wharf
oh man can you suggest another place to go to then
Yes, I would like to visit a zoo in San Francisco.
The only one in Russian Hill is Nob Hill Motor Inn. It is in the cheap range. How does that sound to you?
The address is 749 Taylor Street and the phone number is (415) 673-3277. Can I get you any other information?
And is there bike parking available right at China Beach?
I want to go to a museum in Chinatown
Piqueo's serves Peruvian food in Bernal Heights. Would you like the address?
You have a reservation for 8 people on Friday at 12 PM at Pier 23 Cafe Restaurant & Bar.
What time does it close then?
I found no art museums in the area. However, Museum Of 3D Illusions has been rated 4.5 stars on yelp. Would like more information?
I recommend the Dakota Hostel and Hotel.
sure it's seven five seven market street
The zip code is 94107.
ok got it uhhh one more question actually ummm i'm looking to grab dinner in the presidio heights area ummm that serve kebabs and hopefully that's in a moderate price range could see if there's anything like that
do they have any laundry facility available for guests?
Thanks. By the way, what time does the Aquarium of the Bay open and close?
Does the hotel have 1 star rating?
sure i'd be happy to look into that for you let me see what's available. sir i'm finding quite a bit of locations how about the club donatello in union square it's got four stars
What is the price range for this hotel?
Hello. Can you please help me find a cable car in Union Square?
also i was wondering if you can ummm recommend a place some kind of landmark in uhhh in san francisco
Yes, I'm looking for an arcade I can got to in Russian Hill.
definitely phone number is four one five eight zero zero eight three four five
There are two in San Francisco but none in Russian Hill. What about San Francisco Museum of Modern Art or de Young?
Does this hotel have kitchens available for guests in the rooms?
Would you consider this a Local Flavor destination?
sure i am able to book that room for you for thursday for five nights and that booking's set
I would recommend Hotel Zoe Fisherman's Wharf, it's moderately priced with 4 stars. Would you like more information?
What about the Cartoon Art Museum in Russian Hill?
I have found the Amsterdam Hostel in Union Square. Would you like me to make a reservation?
There are three: Municipal Pier, Palace Of Fine Arts, and Wave Organ. Would you like to learn more about any of these?
I don't need the address, but would appreciate you telling me when Bay City Bike Rentals and Tours' opening hours are.
definitely they are located two zero zero seven franklin street
Is there parking available at SF MOMA?
You can choose from the Municipal Pier, Palace Of Fine Arts, or the Wave Organ. Which would you like more information on?
Sounds good, what is the address, phone number and zip code? And check if there a table for 5 people for Thursday at 1:30pm.
a mano ok ummm i'm meeting an old buddy from college and i i think he's in a wheelchair ummm is that wheelchair accessible
yes, try look for accommodation of hotel with moderate price range.
ok let me go ahead and check their availability all right so it is definitely available so i'll go ahead and book for two people this sunday at twelve thirty for you
I have the Courtyard by Marriott Fishermans Wharf in the Fishermans Wharf area. It is a 3 star. Would you like more infomation?
ok let's see here all right there are two options one is called new fortune restaurant and the second one is sam wo restaurant
No specific rating, just expensive one for a special occasion.
Do they take discover?
great ummm do you have the address and uhhh zip uhhh code of ina coolbrith park
There are several hotels in the area with 1-4 star ratings. Which of those ratings would work best for you?
Unfortunately there are no art museums in Monterey Heights. Would you like to find an art museum in a different area?
Yes, are there any hotels in Union Square?
I want to stay in a cheap hotel that has a 3-star rating in Fisherman's Wharf.
sure let me see what they have ok so one option shows up it's called days inn by wyndham san francisco is that something you might like
I think you will be pleased with the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art on 3rd st. Can I give you more information?
got it uhhh do you if they serve alcohol
I have found either the Travelodge by Wyndham Presidio San Francisco or the Travelodge by Wyndham San Francisco Bay, both on Lombard Street. Are either of those acceptable?
Yes there is. Four Seasons Hotel San Francisco is the only 5 star hotel in Union Square.
yeah let me see what i can find. ok so there is alcatraz island is that something you'd be interested in
uhhh yeah can you actually tell me if this place is wheelchair accessible
I want to go to a public market in Presidio
Certainly. The zip code is 94108.
The Hyde Street Beach is in the area, on Jefferson Street.
hey how's it going
I'd recommend going to the Golden Gate Bridge Welcome Center located at the Golden Bridge.
Okay, is it in the moderate price range?
Would you be interested in Pier 33?
so their address is one two fourth street zip code nine four one zero three the phone number is four one five three four eight one one one one and the type of accommodation is a hotel
Do they have a facility for guest parking?
Four Seasons Hotel San Francisco is the only 5 star Hotel in this area. Would you like to book a stay?
How about a beach?
San Francisco and I am looking for an Art Museum
there is a park listed in union square yes
sure their address is seven three six mission street
You can find them in The Ferry Building in Embarcadero. Can I give you more information?
There are a number of options in both the cheap and moderate price range. Do you have a preference?
Does it have any parking facilities for disabled drivers?
Does their front desk open late at night?
Do you know the opening hours for Dolores Park?
Hi! I would like to go to a beach in Russian Hill.
Does the cathedral offer a guided tour?
Can you tell me if there are any bookstores in Chinatown?
The Grant Hotel ZIP code is 94108. Would you like to make a reservation there?
Could you also tell me when Magowan's Infinite Mirror Maze's opening hours are?
Yes, could you tell me what the parking options are at Mount Davidson Park please?
Does it have a gym onsite?
I want a hotel in Marina
yeah anywhere else in the city some someplace nearby would be good
I'm staying with my kids. Does the hotel have age restrictions?
ok let me see what i can find here all right unfortunately nothing is showing up in that area would somewhere else work for you instead
I want to go to a museum in Union Square
Unfortunately there are no bed and breakfast in the Japantown area.
ok let's stay in that same area and let's uhhh go for the moderate price range
I want a hotel in Union Square
Yes, please. Can i get their phone number?
Does that hotel have an elevator for guest?
Hello. Can you suggest a Local Flavor attraction in the Financial District?
I want to stay in a hotel, not a hostel. So is there a hotel in the moderate price range in Union Square?
The phone number is (415) 921-4000. Would you need any more details?
The zip code for Magowan's Infinite Mirror Maze is 94133.
Argonaut Hotel is a nice play to stay.
There are three options for art in that area. Magowan's Infinite Mirror Maze, San Francisco Carousel or San Francisco Dungeon. Would you like additional information on any of those?
Can you tell me whether The Suites at Fisherman's Wharf is in the moderate price range, with three stars?
Does it offer a dry cleaning service for guests?
I have found 11 Chinatown restaurants for you. What type of cuisine would you like?
that's a great question let me look into that for you. so it looks like this establishment does not offer any sort of discount or military discount
Andrews Hotel is a 3-star moderately priced hotel in Union Square. There are many other options as well if you'd like me to give you more choices.
Thanks, and do they speak any languages other than English?
ok and do i need an appointment to visit them. do we have to make a reservation
Yes the Travelodge by Wyndham by Fisherman's Wharf will the be the best option for you. Would you like me to book this motel for you?
The Hotel Spero should fit your needs. It is a 4 star hotel in Union Square, and it's moderately priced.
Do you have a preference for the price range?
I'm hoping to find a room that is moderately priced.
hi there i'm planning on making a trip to san francisco i'm wondering if you could help me find a place to stay in union square like a hotel with two stars preferably in the moderate price range would you be able to help me with that
The Europa Hotel fits your criteria. Would you like some more information about this one?
Can I have the zip code of the hotel?
hello i was wondering if you could help me find a hotel in uhhh fisherman's wharf that's uhhh moderately priced with a three star rating
ok ummm i would like to find some four star hotels in the same area and and if expensive price ranges are ok
Sure, their address is 495 Jefferson Street.
How many stars does the hostel have?
First, can you give me the phone number and address for HI San Francisco Downtown Hostel?
Sure, the zip code is 94109. Did you need anything else?
Moderately priced 4 star hotel please.
There are no public markets in Presidio. Would you like me to check another area of town?
all right can i go ahead and book two rooms for my family from saturday for four evenings
sure i'm finding a lot of landmarks in the san francisco area how about pier thirty nine at fisherman's wharf
Sounds great, but do they have a gym or fitness center onsite?
How about the Axiom Hotel? It is a cheap 4 star hotel located at 28 Cyril Magnin Street. How does that sound?
Yes, all major credit cards are accepted at this hotel. Would you like me to help you make a reservation?
I have one result. Are you interested in the Cathedral of Saint Mary of the Assumption?
Hi, I am looking for a nice place to go in Embarcadero.
let me see ok yeah it says that it's good for kids
I want to go to a museum in San Francisco
yeah totally i see two hotels the s. w. hotel and the orchard garden hotel which i recommend
sorry, we don't have any cheap, 1 Star Motels in Fisherman's. Would you like me to check for a higher star rating, or a different area?
Yes, can you book me a table for 8 at 1:30pm today please in Western Addition? I'm looking for a restaurant that serves bar food.
It will range from $16 to $78 a day depending on the bike you choose. Can I assist you with any other things?
I want something in the moderate price range
I need a hotel in Fisherman's Wharf ASAP.
sure no problem so i'm finding two locations uhhh i see the de young museum and the san francisco museum of modern art located in the soma
all right sounds good and then can you tell me the uhhh confirmation number on the booking
Hi there, I am looking for a nice 3 star place to stay in Union Square.
Yes, can The Mrs. Doubtfire House be accessed by wheelchair?
Does it offer room service for in-room dining?
uhhh zip code is nine four one one five and the phone number is four one five nine two two three two zero zero
ok that's fine ummm can i get the address
How about Fort Point or The Presidio?
Are there any parks in the area?
Can I get the zip code for that hotel please?
sure let me see what i can find for you ok we do have two options showing up one is the holiday inn express hotel and suites fisherman's wharf and the second one is the regular holiday inn fisherman's wharf
Magowan's Infinite Mirror Maze is located at Pier 39.
ok that's no problem and while i have you on the phone maybe you can help me find a place to stay as well uhhh still looking in the mission area something maybe with a three star rating and cheap would be better than expensive
Can you find me a hotel with a 3 star rating in the moderate price range?
The phone number for the Hong Kong Clay Pot Restaurant is (415) 989-2638.
Their address is the Golden Gate Bridge, and the zip code is 94129.
Hi. I need a cheap place to stay and a place that serves Egyptian food in Inner Richmond, San Francisco.
Yes, does it serve any vegan options?
This place is in the expensive range. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, try looking for a place in the same area with Bed and breakfast with a star of 3. Also provide me with the address and confirmation number.
Coit Tower is a landmark in North Beach/Telegraph Hill. Do you want some information about it?
HI San Francisco Downtown Hostel has 3 stars. Would that work for you?
The address is 225 San Leandro Way, but I'm sorry, I do not know the zip code.
I want to go to a museum in Embarcadero
sure so we have three options for that there's one called the kimpton sir francis drake hotel the taj campton place and the marker san francisco
How about San Francisco Museum of Modern Art then?
Hi, can help please help me find a place to go in Mission?
There doesn't seem to be anything in Alamo Square would you like to search another area?
I was not able to find any zoos in that area.
Hi! I would like to go to a museum in Fisherman's Wharf. Can you help me locate one please?
Can I get the phone number for Kimpton Buchanan Hotel.
Club Donatello is a moderately priced hotel in Union Square. Would you like me to book it for you?
and do you know if that place is good for kids i have uhhh a five and a seven year old
I forgot to ask if the front desk is open 24 hours.
ok could you give me a place to dine dine in the union square that's moderate price range that serves thai food
The Gregangelo Museum is in Monterey Heights. Do you have any questions?
I suggest the Columbus Inn on Columbus Ave. Should I make a reservation for you?
ok let's see if that's available for you all right so it's yeah it's available so i can book two rooms for sunday for one night
sure let me see ok no art museums there is there something else you might like
Yes there are several museums but one of the most popular is Madame Tussauds Wax Museum.
Yes, can I get their phone number and zip code?
There is China Beach at 490 Sea Cliff Ave and the phone number is (415) 561-4323.
absolutely it's four one five two six eight ninety nine zero zero
Yes, Presidio Parkway Inn is in the cheap price range. Would you look to book a room?
Andrews Hotel is moderately priced, would you like their details?
I would like to visit a landmark.
What about motels in the area?
In which zip code is Madame Tussauds located?
Okay, I would suggest Magowan's Infinite Mirror Maze, the San Francisco Carousel or the San Francisco Dungeon, all of which are on Fisherman's Wharf.
I am planning a trip to San Francisco. Can you help me find a cheap place to stay in Chinatown?
One of the cheapest locations in this area is the 1 star Amsterdam Hostel.
hey so i'm planning a trip to san francisco soon uhhh can you recommend some landmarks or some places to check out
Is there bike parking available at Madame Tussauds San Francisco?
Does the hotel have a gym onsite?
Yes, what do they charge for parking?
You can visit the Golden Gate Bridge welcome center, Torpedo Wharf, the Walt Disney Family Museum, among others. Do any of those interest you?
Sorry, there are no expensive hotels in Chinatown.
fairmont ok do you know what type of accommodation that is is that a hotel is that a resort of some sort or
Yes please give me their phone number.
May I know how much it costs to get in at Museum of 3D Illusions?
Yes, three stars would be fine. Is the frontdesk there open 24 hours a day?
I don't need the phone number, but could you tell me whether the rooms at the Andrews Hotel are heated?
Yes, I need some help finding a moderately priced restaurant in Fisherman's Wharf that serves Izakaya food please.
Does the Cheesecake Factory have a happy hour?
Certainly. Their phone number is 415) 563-0800. Would you like to know anything else?
okay great ummm i'm also uhhh hoping to find a place umm that we can eat in chinatown for pretty cheap can youuhhh suggest some places for some good food there
I want to see local flavor in Castro
Yes, I would recommend Lombard Street and the Vallejo Street Steps, which are both in Russian Hill.
oh great there is one ummm uhhh do they accept bringing dogs
hi i'm looking for a beach that i can go to in the presidio
What is their check-out time?
what kinda price range is that in
That sounds good. What's the admission fee at Subpar Miniature Golf?
How about Carriage Inn?
I want to see the local flavor in Twin Peaks
I want to see a landmark in Presidio
Just the address and zip code please.
Cool. Do you know the smoking policy in that hotel?
The phone number is (415) 392-9466. Would you like to book a reservation?
Can you tell me if there is wifi for guests?
ok thank you and i have another similar request is there ummm places to go in the same area as the hotel
address is one six two five post street
Yes, their phone number is (415) 788-5604, and their address is 312 Mason Street. Please let me know if you are ready to continue with booking.
I would definitely go with Axiom Hotel. Although it has 4 stars it is in the cheap price range.
How about just Art in the Mission?
oh ok ummm. can i just get the hotel type and address